in this video oh that looks delicious
we're going deep in Austin Texas so I'm
so tempted to take this down right now
but I would like to go to the bathroom
within the next six days discovering
food truck food you've never seen before
to me if you smoke it at a lower
temperature it's just all the flavor you
smoke a brisket because you want the
flavor you want the smoke you're gonna
get the smoke I like that you're gonna
get the smokes that sounds uh roughly
Like A Veiled Threat you're about to get
the smokes
we already made one food truck video
here in Austin and you guys loved it
check it out 90 billion views way better
than Mr Beast actually so we thought hey
why not make another one what blows me
away about the food truck scene here is
that there's just so much variety sure
New York has a lot of food trucks like
89 of them are Halal and this fall
fraction of those people will flick you
off if you try to film that that
happened to me it would have hurt my
feelings except I don't have any
in Austin it's not just about the sheer
quantity of food trucks it's about the
variety fooled from every nation people
coming from Venezuela people coming from
Mexico that's how you say Mexico in
Spanish folks from Asia or American food
crossed with other food it shouldn't
even be crossed with are you ready for a
wild food truck here in Austin Texas no
oh I was expecting you to say yes
[Music]
behind me we have our first location
this is rmv's steak and fries two
brothers originally from New Jersey came
all the way here to Austin Texas to
bring locals cheese sticks here's how it
works you build your own sandwich and
you get to choose your own cheese
there's American there's provolone
orders cheese whiz and this is where I'm
stuck already they say classic is the
cheese whiz but cheese whiz just feels
so white trashy like it doesn't contain
any dairy products I think it's just oil
and flavoring well hold on at my core I
am white trash so I should get cheese
whiz right and then they have provolone
and I love provolone uh I'm gonna have
to ask them inside I'm not sure let's go
for it
foreign
on right here and I have to ask you when
you build the sandwich the first and
most important decision is what kind of
cheese to put on it correct correct I
love provolone cheese whiz the white
trash part of me is like you should get
the chemical cheese from a can and then
the part of me who is so respectable and
culinary Ambassador for the world is
like probably going provolone I think
what you should do is get provolone
cheese on it and then we'll hit it with
a little whiz drizzle and get you a
little bit of everything flavor yeah all
right whiz drizzle like won my white
page when I leave on the toilet seat
sorry I decided about the Wiz drizzle
I'd like your idealist if you find the
cheeses and uh let's get started I'm
gonna grab my meat and get started some
people don't know that the industry's
standard on meat giving at a Cheesesteak
spot is four ounces we Pump It Up four
and a half that meat kind of broken up
100 Texas grade a bean a little bit of a
seasoning we got a little bit of black
pepper got a caramelized onions over
here also we've got our mushrooms as
well there's also that fresh jalapeno
that gives it that perfect spice yeah
this looks fantastic
let's get that problem popping a nice
sharp provolone cheese just to do the
trick hit it with one more little spray
of water just to make sure it's nice and
cleaned up and then cover that up
anytime let me check this whiz and make
sure this whiz is where we want it to be
now you're with Drizzle sunny but are
I'm just gonna slide that right in there
like that oh yeah all right are you
ready for this drizzle my friend yes oh
what is drizzle oh yeah just get a nice
little cut in that funny this is your
provolone whiz drizzle onion jalapeno
mushroom and it's ready for you to
devour it glorious come on check it out
right here this is a lot of food let's
start with this right here Philly
cheesesteak fries until these are
award-winning loaded fries and they look
gorgeous you can see that mushrooms the
onions the green peppers the meat all of
it mixed together two different types of
liquid cheese here we go
peppery delicious soft mean heavy cheese
the only thing you got to be quick and
we're gonna get a soggy if they do a SOG
up you can always mix it with more beef
more jalapeno more onions and then here
on this side buffalo sauce foreign
[Music]
give me a beer and I'll be in heaven
here this is the main event take a look
at that we got steak sticky provolone
and just a little bit of a whiz drizzle
let's try it out
[Music]
full blown stretchy delicious cheesy
amount of steak inside it's not just
four ounces it's four and a half ounces
it's actually 12 and a half percent more
meat
there's just a hint of the cheese whiz
which is nice it's super salty I mean it
is enough sodium for about a week and a
half and that's if you're a rhinoceros
oh this is how you know it's good cheese
whiz it has a skin people who draw blood
can practice on this seeing if they can
pierce the cheese let's get a little bit
of a dip all right a big messy cheesy
bite
I love the cheese but I'm always gonna
swipe right I'm double down it's got
body you've got a cheese pulled I've
seen the cheese weighs more like a good
friend that has a truck and they help me
move every once in a while gotta keep
that friendship otherwise this is
fantastic
[Music]
we've come to another food truck right
here Venezuelan food this place is
called for brothers so I've never been
to Venezuela before it seems right now
it might not be the most tourist
friendly destination in the world but in
the meantime their food is here in Texas
so why not enjoy it if you're not
familiar with Venezuelan food like me
this will give you some hints as to what
you can get let's start with this the
arepas there's a gluten-free corn
sandwich served with avocado sauce and
garlic sauce Wikipedia says it is a
primary Cuisine of Colombia and
Venezuela
you might be wondering well it's right
here can you read sweet corn pancake
served as a quesadilla with cheese
beyond that they have Yucca my buddy Oro
who is Cuban told me Yuka means cassava
but this guy here is saying Yuka means
potato I don't know for sure I'm gonna
order that too and find out
I'm in the truck with reuben reuben is a
little bit worried because his English
he said it's just okay
English but I will try okay your English
is much better than my Venezuela yeah
let's go to speak in Spanish
see that okay today I want the four
brothers with chicken or pork what do
you like foreign
[Music]
[Music]
sizzling on the flat top that looks
great this is like Venezuelan Burger now
we will put the garlic sauce this is the
avocado sauce people call Wasa Kaka it's
like cilantro sauce also it's vegan good
vegan sauce right on top of that chicken
two slices of avocado I like plantains
refried the plantains and we put it on
top it's a big sandwich um in the finish
one slice of tomato we close the repair
with the Venezuelan cheese wow that is
so thick so that is it right there
beautiful
yes the people call quesadilla is
going to give this a little bit of a
flip but it looks like it's already
cooked it's already up there it's needed
to heat it up
[Music]
so that is gonna melt yeah you have to
melt that's thick is this the same as
how you make it in Venezuela it's the
same yeah
[Music]
this food looks incredible
hey thank you so oh yes sorry right here
we have three foods I've never tried
before in my life and what's interesting
is trying to figure out what is
Venezuelan and what is kind of catering
to the American taste buds for example
this this is the Yucca now oral called
the Yuca to me it was cassava and I was
right until they take this and then they
fry it after that this is a part that
felt a little bit more Americanized so
you think the cheese they put it on top
they melt the cheese and then they put
on two different types of sauces let's
try this out
[Music]
oh yeah when you do loaded fries all the
fries get soggy but cassava is stronger
than a potato so even though there's an
onslaught of sauce is here the cassava
is keeping its Integrity
right here the kachapa only two
ingredients is basically a corned meal
pancake that's already been pre-cooked
and then look at the inside that is just
a huge thick layer of cheese I'm gonna
try to do a cheese pull
yeah that's good oh my God
oh that's a good cheese pole the cheese
it's something between like mozzarella
and halloumi it is so salty dense thick
beautiful
so this is a bit sweet because this has
a corn base I thought it might be dry
but I think it's been fried in so much
oil that is not dry at all
she's my new favorite
oh my God that's all the cheese that's
just falling out I'm so tempted to take
this down right now but I would like to
go to the bathroom within the next six
days but here we have the arepa
Cornflower bun on the outside cheese
we've got tomato sweet plantains avocado
chicken so much going on here okay first
of all it's ridiculously thick and the
bottom has already started to get a
little bit soggy ah how do I get a bite
with everything here we go
I find it hard to believe that in
Venezuela the sandwiches are this big
this has to be Texas sized hmm stringy
delicious chicken you can taste the
beans the sauce cheese tomato everything
working together
I love the bread on the outside the only
issue I do see here is that I feel like
there's enough fillings in here for two
sandwiches I would say in the future I
want to be a little bit less wide a
little bit easier to get my unusually
small mouth around that is three
Venezuelan Foods I've never had before
in my life I gotta say excellent the ace
out of the ace that means 10 out of 10
in Spanish if you like to party and if
you like food then this collection of
food trucks is for you
[Music]
right here on Austin's iconic rainy
streak a place packed with tourists but
not enough to drive the locals away
[Music]
here my next Food Truck of choice burrow
grilled cheese where they're selling
well grilled cheese sandwiches but trust
me it goes a lot deeper than that
right now I'm in the kitchen with
Scott's kitchen they have my dream
refrigerators it is just full of 100
pounds of cheese and then you hold it on
the bottom the only thing that's missing
is a bottle of Jack Daniels where's that
Ah that's in my car hey cool yeah that's
what he does he drives around and says
hey kids take a look at this he doesn't
do that no I'm here you guys do four
different types of grilled cheese you're
getting the Waylon and Willie which is
one of our most popular and it's got a
spicy maple bacon sauce it's got
caramelized onions peppercinis colby
jack cheddar cheese on there it's got a
nice like bacony sweet profile to it
love it I love uh profiles all right
let's get into it start off with some
fresh sourdoughs we got our spicy maple
bacon sauce we make this in-house got
maple syrup bacon cilantro other flavors
in their mayonnaise get a mount on there
so now we're putting some caramelized
onions that we grilled up this morning
then we get a few peppercinis it gives
it like a little kick and then we're
hitting it with the colby jack cheddar
blend we layer it on there for this guy
it's called a salamander kind of does a
melt on it before you throw it in the
oven
it's just to speed up the process
essentially so that we don't have to
grill it for as long so that the bread
can still be crispy but not taken to Too
Much crisps so then we're just gonna
fold her up and get some fresh butter
rub it on there so this guy on there a
little slab on top and we let it work
Scott how do you feel about that I feel
like I want to eat it I have my food
right here come and take a look it's
glorious this sourdough bread is the
ideal bread for this type of thing
because you can't have a bread that's
going to
skin it or two top that's gonna fall
apart as I open it you can see some of
those caramelized onions and the
pepperoncinis the pepperoncini is the
only part of the apprehensive because I
think it's gonna have a strong dominant
flavor I'm gonna try to fight without
the pepperoncini first let's go for it
huh
oh
[Music]
the beginning of May have made bacon now
the pepper Genie I'm going for it
shower punching shower spicy I think I
like it overall very nice
Crimson Creek Smokehouse a barbecue food
truck slightly out of town is
strategically located across a vodka
Tasting Room
instead of the usual Texas barbecue
style where they heavily utilize salt
pepper and garlic here it's all about
Oklahoma style barbecue they give the
meat a little bit extra
Marcus and Jamie are the power couple
behind this meat making machine and he's
about to give me a tour of his Greatest
Hits right here we have a couple things
on the grill right now tell me what
we're looking at we have two Tomahawk
Ribeyes and then we have the bone marrow
this one's has smoked for about four and
a half five hours so it should have some
pretty good flavor and what do you put
that on top of on that steak right there
oh my God it's so rich was about three
and a half pounds when we started
roughly be around three pounds when we
get finished and we finished this one
off with duck fat and butter mix that we
do and then you scrape the bone marrow
on top of that this is my first time
seeing a tomahawk that's actually been
smoked for hours what is so good about
smoking this cut to me if you smoke it
lower temperature it's just all the
flavor you smoke a brisket because you
want the flavor you want the smoke
you're going to get the smoke and then
we finish it off on a hot fire I like
that you're going to get the smoke that
sounds uh roughly Like A Veiled Threat
you're about to get the smoke all right
let's do it so what we have here is
clarified butter and duck fat and what
we're gonna do we're just gonna sprinkle
a little bit on top
and then we're going to throw it on some
hot fire we're gonna have a nice big
flame we're gonna get a nice little
finish on it
oh that looks delicious we're gonna
bring it back over here at our little
Merrell bones oh thank you right now I'm
in the kitchen with Jamie and she's
gonna be preparing what rib tips so this
is the part of the spare rib that when
you cut St Louis into the nice neat
rectangle this leftover piece usually is
kept for the Pit Master snacks we turned
them into what we call Rib nuggets or
rib tips here and they in my opinion are
really the sweetest part of the pig all
right so real elegant here we're putting
that into chunks what makes this
Oklahoma style barbecue is we sauce
after the smoke and we get these good
and spicy all of these just big meaty
rib nuggets ready to go so right here we
have the pork belly burned ends it
almost looks like some kind of beautiful
braised Vietnamese pork belly but I'm
sure it tastes completely different a
little bit different but it's still
going to be a very spicy lean and fatty
combined bite of pork those are big well
oh we'll get now is some bread and some
pickles and we'll get you ready to go
thank you right here we have an
incredible wild protein pack spread and
this there's a little place across the
parking lot selling vodka and somehow I
got into my cup
anyways right here we have the pork rib
tips and then right here we have burnt
ends from the pork belly I've never even
heard of such a thing it's too big for
one bite I'm gonna cut that in half well
you don't even need a knife it's so soft
and tender take a look inside you can
see if it's pink it's white it's
gorgeous try it out
[Music]
well I'm so soft and delicious the
outside is a little bit sweet it's so
different from braising it's like a
whole different texture when you braise
pork belly in Asian cooking it gets
really really soft and this is also
tender but it's like you can feel the
different layers as you're chewing it
drink some barbecue
very satisfying right here we have the
rib tips the outside is so soft fatty
and juicy that looks wonderful look how
dark that bark is on the outside but how
light and delicious it is on the inside
[Music]
oh similarly delicious Smoky tender of
sweet this is heavy food and so on the
side they've got pickles
because there's vinegar in there what's
Wild because that's an appetizer for
this right here this is our big bad
Tomahawk what's amazing as they said on
the side we have bone marrow which is
basically pure fat we have duck fat
which is also pure fat and I said what
do you have to like uh cut the heaviness
she's like huh like what like bread
so we got some bread too let's take a
look at the marrow first wow the marrow
goes deep into some of these parts here
look at that this is all just super
fatty gritty Super Rich bone marrow
Smoky beefy greasy very satisfying now
that bone marrow is actually supposed to
be the dip for this it could probably be
close to rare oh my God so there are
definitely some singly parts on the
edges here incredible color this has
been smoking for hours
wow the spices are incredible it's full
of juiciness it's very tender right here
duck fat give a little bit of a dip hey
when in Oklahoma do what the Oklahomans
do let's try it out
[Music]
stop that with butter oh my gosh and
unlikely Duo a perfect combination it
was so fatty I cheated like twice and it
fell down my throat and the seasonings
on here it was peppery they got their
own secret seasonings everybody gets
better but what I have to try now is
using this as a vehicle to transport
more bone marrow into my mouth
[Music]
[Laughter]
it's like eating a stick of butter and
putting some olive oil on top it is just
pure decadence to try it out
[Music]
oh wow it feels all right and so wrong
at the same time I feel naughty with so
much meat and so much fat and so much
flavor it's rich but it doesn't feel too
rich I thought it'd be too much though
and I got the same easily balance it out
with one pickle for a good balance am I
gonna eat a whole 125 three pound
Tomahawk by myself yes but should I no I
should probably find some people to
share it with on craigslist do I find
all my other friends for me I've never
tried Oklahoma barbecue but after trying
this this is like the best advertisement
for Oklahoma State tourism I want to go
there I want to try the food I want to
try the barbecue and see what it's all
about just this small sampler platter
here very delicious very tempting oh
guys that is the end of the video I hope
you enjoyed it food trucks here in
Austin there is nothing like it it's
food except for it's inside a truck
instead of a restaurant it's not fun
they can drive it around like to my
house why don't they just come to my
house instead of me going to them
anyways I hope you enjoyed this video
guys thank you so much for watching I
will see you next time
oh I'm so bloated and pretending
pretending everything's fine but I feel
so sick inside oh it's too much food