[Music]
with a population of over 13 million
Tokyo is a City full of eye-catching
streets culture and now a vegan Foodies
dream I'm Unice and I'm going to show
you five must try vegan spots and sites
you need to see let's check it
[Music]
out first stop from Tokyo Station was of
course tease tantan
Ramen okay so I have gotten my black
sesame tantan noodle you guys look at
this this looks so good so this is not a
common broth that you see at a lot of
other places I've only really seen it
here and it's spicy this is a spicy one
you know I like spicy
so
m m the gami is there it's a flavor bomb
is so good like if you ever tried this
one I highly recommend this is one that
I heard people would often recommend to
get here Tokyo station is a place that
you're probably going to be in a lot
because it's the central train station
here in Tokyo so while you're passing
through make sure to check it out if
it's not your first stop you can also
get combos as well with guas their menu
is smaller and limited but definitely
something you need to
try the next morning I had to check out
the closest Cafe to of course enjoy a
hot cup of matcha no trip to Japan is
complete without one honestly you can
find this at most cafes but the real
treat was something sweet that is worth
penciling in your
schedule
okay so one of the things that you have
to try when you're in Japan are the
fluffy jiggly pancakes now if you're
vegan you're not really going to find
them anywhere except for one place and
that is where I am right now and this is
called an Sophia in the jinza area they
have two locations actually they have
the vegan pancakes here you have to
reserve them though because they just
sell out if you don't so if you go on
the website you can choose your table
you have to make a reservation for the
restaurant because cuz it books up
really quickly they serve it to you with
these ice creams and Berry syrups and
everything and these beautiful fruit and
they give you a salad first to start off
so you can have your Savory first before
enjoying the suite so let's get to this
because I have wanted this forever it
comes with cream and ice cream
and okay I'm putting a little bit of
everything M these are super fluffy I
will say they don't jiggle like the
original ones because you get that from
usually egg white and Etc so I think
these are really good for a vegan option
obviously the ingredients have to be
different but I highly appreciate the
fluffiness of the pancake I mean just
look at this you guys you have to see it
they have a bunch of other desserts and
other Savory items on their menu as well
if you can reserve these and then order
a bunch of other things that's great so
make sure you give this place a try when
you come to Tokyo but I had to admit one
of my favorite places in Tokyo was
actually a convenience store Lawson is a
must try in Tokyo as there's 11,000
across Japan I was addicted to the
seaweed Oni gidis and Yuba stuff with
rice they're known for having high
quality foods at affordable prices and
don't worry if you don't know Japanese
just use Google Translate they had so
many vegan snacks to choose from I wish
there was one in La there's microwaves
to heat up your food if needed basic
toiletries and more so just make sure to
stop by and check one
out next we hopped on to Tokyo's amazing
subway system to head over to one of
Tokyo's biggest free attractions SHO
the Lively Hub of shabuya is known for
the iconic scrambled crosswalk and
Lively youthful culture hundreds of
people pack the streets that view the
crossing it might be difficult to get a
photo but it's
doable and of course you got to check
out one of the many CL machine
[Music]
arcades but next it was time for dinner
in Tokyo's Lively rongi neighborhood for
one of their iconic Cuisines if you're a
Kill Bill fan you'll notice that gachi
looks a lot like one of the movie scenes
and that's because this restaurant
actually inspired the movie Set they
also offer a vegan menu that you can
have upon request you can enjoy veggie
tempora with matcha salt and this was
absolutely delicious they had veggie
rolls and even yiti paired with veggies
I personally wish they weren't just raw
veggies but hey at least they thought of
the vegans in a fun way like this veggie
caviar one of my favorites also must try
some mushroom rakitori this place was
such a Vibe and honestly it's fun just
to check out the
Ambiance the next day was an unplanned
treat because I was told there was a
vegan festival happening during our trip
by one of my YouTube subscribers that I
had the honor of meeting in person the
festival is actually a pretty big size
and of course I looked for the most
Japanese thing I could find and karuna
met the requirements I ordered some
katsu sandwiches and this round sausage
that I like so much like me that it kind
of freaked me out but of course I had to
try it cuz I was curious this was so
delicious and it honestly reminded me of
a Costco hot dog the katsu sandwiches
were also delicious I also got to try
some samples of ramen and other vegan
proteins and dessert and since it was
such a hot day out I also got to enjoy
some Yu organic ice cream so make sure
to look for these vendors when you
visit for my last night I couldn't leave
without a Ramen vending machine
experience in case you're wondering how
to order well here's my experience put
the money first put the money
first here right
[Applause]
no coins go in the
middle so it's
okay I just look at the
symbols
yeah okay okay you did it that was
intense oh my God after my struggle we
finally got to go in just keep in mind
it's a small space so not ideal for
large groups and it's kind of like an
eat and get the heck out of there kind
of place but the owner is onean show and
makes everything in front of you I got
the show you Ramen with wi soy and it
was definitely fun for the
[Music]
experience now you know I can't leave
without dessert so we went back to Tokyo
station for almond days and all almond
milal Cafe with lots of delicious
chocolate
drinks okay so overall Tokyo is a place
you have to go to there's so much to do
here honestly I've only had three days
here so I didn't even get to see half
the things that I wanted to do you can
do Mario Kart go-karts through the city
you can go to Disneyland you can just do
a bunch of different things so make sure
you really plan your trip before and
like knock out the things that you want
to see first in terms of the vegan food
scene there is a lot of plant-based
options here you can tell that the
tourism Board of Tokyo is really like
promoting a plant-based diet we're
promoting where to get vegan food so you
just kind of you have to look up on
Google there's also booklets here and
there that give you all the vegan
options but for sure that's why this
video I wanted to knock out at least the
top three most important things you had
to do which is get Ramen get sushi get
fluffy pancakes go to Lawson get those
onid I know I'm already have four
options but essentially those are like
must do you cannot miss that get cash
out when you get off the train station
or the airport because you're going to
need that for the metro and they
actually use cashier a lot so don't
depend on your credit card I made that
mistake either way Tokyo is definitely a
place that's worth coming to as a vegan
there's so much to do here so I hope you
guys enjoy your trip here and if you
want to see more of my videos you can
click the link up here and subscribe and
like if you love the videos you're
seeing and I'll catch you guys later on
R TV
[Music]
bye
[Music]