bonjour everybody it's Rhino and welcome
to this week's episode of the Disney
dining show this week I'm going to be
joined by Panda Erica and Craig and we
are going to be dining at Be Our Guest
restaurant in the Magic Kingdom park at
Walt Disney World this is one of the
most searched for restaurants on
wwinfo.com so we feel like we haven't
been here in forever I mean I haven't
been in years and years and years I
think it was still like a quick service
option when I the last time I was here
and I know the others haven't been here
in a while either so it felt like it was
time so uh yeah that's what we're doing
and we're here for lunch so uh before we
go inside to check out the restaurant
and all that it has to offer I want to
remind everybody that this and
everything that we do here is brought to
you by dreams unlimited travel uh
experts at helping you plan the perfect
Disney vacation when you book with them
it cost you nothing extra on your trip
and you help support the channel and all
the content that we produce so check
them out dreamsunlimitedtravel.com now
that I have said that let's get inside I
am starving and I'm sure the others are
just absolutely annoyed with how long
it's been taking me to do this this
little introduction out here so yummy
yummy let's get food in my tummy
[Music]
we are inside of the castle we have been
taken to our seats for those of you who
don't know this area is uh this
restaurant excuse me is split apart into
three different rooms there's The West
Wing which is where the Beast you know
it's like you know from the movie he's
like kind of ripped through the curtains
and there's that's where the enchanted
Rose is and then there's the Grand
Ballroom which is very pretty that's
where they've got the awesome effect
where it's like snowing outside the
windows and then um where we are the
rose Gallery which to me feels like the
room That Time Forgot and by time I mean
the imagineers because it feels the most
basic of the three but it's still nice
it's still got some of those
architectural like pillars in here and
uh sorry I think a child just threw
their Fork at me and
um
there's like this weird clock and I'm
not a clock um a um uh
oh my God the boxes that you wind up a
music box that's not what they're called
are they but anyway
um there's a bell and the Beast that are
dancing in the middle of the ramire and
then the Beast will make his way through
from time to time they'll make an
announcement and uh it's you know it's
Elegance it's Grace it's I couldn't
think of a third rhyme to go instead of
saying Miss United States but anyway um
for also just before we get started here
too far this is a prefix menu so uh that
means that when you come in here it's 67
for guests ages 10 and over it's a three
course prefix menu which means you're
gonna choose one appetizer one entree
and a dessert and the dessert is
actually a trio of desserts
um but we also got some bread the bread
was fine for my appetizer I went with
the endibe and dive I don't know how to
say it but it's the Endive she did it
right and Rockford cheese salad uh which
had pear gastric toasted walnuts and
champagne vinaigrette that
um and you know it was a nice salad I
wish I was a more educated individual
where I knew that Rockford cheese was
blue cheese because I don't particularly
like blue cheese but good thing I was
sitting at a table with a guy who loves
it Craig Williams he loves a good blue
cheese but I will say the salad I
thought presentation was beautiful and I
thought it was great it was very fresh
and nice and wonderful and
um yeah I'm I'm not unhappy with my
decision especially since my entree is
going to be a pork chop before we move
on to somebody else I just also want to
mention I know I said it was a
three-course prefix meal but there are
also Libations that can be ordered here
both alcoholic and not so they have a
selection of Champagnes and wines and
then also there's a a fairly interesting
list of beers in here that I feel like
aren't just like do you know there's
some beer that you'll find everywhere
like Stella or
um you know the Highlight that's
everywhere on Disney property I feel
like but there's some other like fun
German Belgian beers in here that look
pretty good and then what's kind of
fairly new is there were three
three alcoholic mixed drinks now which
uh there was a French 75 which if you're
not familiar is a gin based drink and
then there was a bulvardier which is a
bourbon-based drink and it has like uh
like it's it's
not for me it's a little bitter because
of the Campari in it but and then a
bloody mary I feel like the first two
when they were reading the list I was
like okay okay and I was like oh okay
like Bloody Mary's aren't for me but
I've talked way too much here I am
dining with several other people and
it's time for one of them to talk
so for my appetizer I got the potato
leek soup it comes with truffle potato
chips and a leek fondue and I really
enjoyed it I thought it was really good
it's pretty cool they bring out the bowl
with the chips in it and then they pour
over that uh fondue and it's like a
little
chips with some dip and I liked it a lot
it's very easy to eat I finished all of
it it was fantastic 10 out of 10.
for my appetizer I went with the
escargot of course I had to do that it
is baked in garlic or butter with
baguette and as far as escar goes go
uh this was this was good I mean I
mostly eat it on a Disney cruise line
sailing other cruise ships I'll always
get escargot I don't like the one they
have in France for some of the festivals
that's not really my style this was this
was really good I mean it was right on
the level of what Disney Cruise Line
would point out I mean very buttery but
the herbs were definitely kicking
through there it was it was a really
nice blade and a really good start to
this meal yeah so I had to get the
French onion soup it is Greer I think
I'm pronounced that right Greer cheese
on it right there
like Judy Judy Greer it was actually
really good
um a lot better than I thought it would
be and a lot better than what I've
gotten on the Disney Cruise Line the
cheese was nice was tasty and the soup
had a wonderful beef flavor even though
it might actually be a vegetarian broth
I know it was when this place first
opened I'll find out but it was really
good full of onions deep
flavor that's why I liked it
breakfast
as I said earlier I got the pork chop in
fact it was called the Durock pork chop
I don't know what that word means uh but
it's it's the description here reads
double smoked bacon sweet potato lionese
and Dijon mustard sauce I need to tell
you right now I was very like I guess
I'll get the pork chop like hesitant
about it
this thing was banging this was like one
of the best like I am not one to order a
pork chop in fact I don't eat a lot of
pork to be honest with you
um this thing was off the chain it was
so good the sauce that mustard sauce on
this plate was delicious this pork chop
was like super thick
and um the side of like the sweet potato
with like the pickled onions on top and
then the cube sort of like crispy like
bacon I know it says I think it's a
bacon but
um I feel like it was uh closer to it's
a double smoked bacon okay yeah it was a
little thicker like
um kind of it almost reminded me of like
really thick pork belly um but it was
the texturally it was amazing the flavor
for everything was good and this pork
chop was like cooked perfectly perfectly
I cannot recommend this dish enough and
it was like like I said a huge portion
so
um yeah I this would this I'm just I'm
gonna be thinking about this dish for a
while
so for my entree I got the vaduvan
spiced vegetables they come with Crispy
corn cake which is actually really good
it was the perfect consistency and then
the vejuven coconut juice
I think it's how it's pronounced you
want to look at that yes the juice it is
a plant-based offering here and it was
actually really good the vegetables were
nice and fresh it didn't feel like it
was sitting for too long and I just I
really enjoyed it it's not my favorite
meal I've ever had on this planet but I
would come back to get that because it
was pretty decent so if you need a
plant-based option while you're eating
here this is the one to get so we did a
studio dining review in which I kind of
trashed To Be Our Guest it's been a few
years since I've been here and I might
be taking that back because I did like
my appetizer and I ordered the roasted
Poulet Rouge chicken I think that's how
you say it and okay I only like white
meat chicken it did come with white and
dark meat if you like both you're going
to be fine it was really tasty and the
white meat which I like that I usually
find dry was not at all and it was
flavorful it was little vegetables
around it but it was delicious it was
delicious it was it was really good I
just wish it was all white meat but
I'm I'm liking this meal since to Rhino
went with the pork chop I decided to go
with the filet mignon I feel like that
is one of the most popular menu items
here it is definitely considered the
beast's favorite so
keep that in mind and obviously too with
the prefix menu you're kind of looking
at like the overall price and thinking
to yourself like am I getting the value
out of the money I'm paying and with
filet you definitely could with Erica's
vegetable stuff maybe not with pandas
chicken I don't know with the pork
Chopper filet you can definitely get
there but this filet it's a center cut
filet mignon served with Yukon Gold
potato puree mashed potatoes and smoked
tomato bearnaise sauce and there was
also a tomato compote on the side the
Tomato compote added a little bit of
sweetness overall my steak was cooked I
asked for it medium rare and it was
definitely about medium rare to rare
which is actually how I like it but I
never want to like go all in on rare and
I'm fine if it ends up medium rare so
yeah the steak was cooked perfectly
uh it was seasoned nicely you know just
light on light on that salt and pepper
flavor to it and it made it made it uh
extra special once you started dipping
it into the Tomato bearnaise sauce which
just had like a nice smokiness to it and
uh didn't didn't overpower the the taste
of the meat that just worked well with
it and then also on the plate were green
beans I kept choking on them because I
do not
I do not chew my food like a normal
human being should but they were fine
they could have been seasoned a little
bit but overall it was a nice plate got
some veggies got some meat I'm happy but
I will say Rhino's pork chop was the
best thing that I tried today in terms
of the entrees and I did have some of
the dark meat from pandas chicken yeah
it is okay it wasn't it wasn't great
chicken I I would not get that on its
own but you know what for the most part
the food I've tried been impressed
okay so for dessert they brought me over
a raspberry sorbet dairy free
it's fine
um I just wanted to say overall for the
67 per person plus tax uh as a person
who has a dairy allergy I would say it's
not super worth it
um but if you're coming with your family
and this is where you're gonna eat at
least you know you have some options and
the options they have are good but I
just don't think it reaches that that
price point in my opinion but I did
enjoy my meal so at least that's the
good side of it all the dessert though I
could have lived without having this
sorbet I would have been fine but
everyone else's dessert looked
absolutely beautiful but either way I
had a good time but definitely not worth
that price tag
this dessert just does not do it for me
uh you know the chocolate tart with gray
stuff crisp pearls white chocolate wafer
that's a fine signature dessert but it
it deserves more and I love cookies and
cream I love a good Oreo cookie so I
like the flavor it just feels like it's
lacking something maybe even a little
bit more of the crispy pearls would
elevate it but it's just it's not all
there the dark chocolate truffle I love
dark chocolate this thing can just go
away I it is such a waste of calories
the lemon jam macaron I I actually
thought that was the best but ultimately
it's like one macaron and it dessert is
just all over the place because with
this meal you know 67 as we probably
said 19 times now for guest ages 10 and
over that's that's a lot of money let's
be real for lunch and or dinner that's
that's still a lot of money even though
it is three course like the escargot
delicious and the the the full I were
delicious the last couple bites I had of
that the crust on there it just it was
so so good I I loved it but I I would
say I could get close to that price with
just those two parts yes Cargo in the
filet the desserts where it falls apart
it just it needs something more they
need to do something better and I know I
think I felt that way the last time I
was here it's fine but I just want
something that feels like it should live
up to the meal inside this atmosphere
because whether or not you're in the
main Ballroom or in this gallery or The
West Wing you're still in a special
place and I feel like this meal is just
close to being special but not all the
way there
so those desserts are pre-chosen for you
there's three of them on the plate the
best one by far for me was the macaron
it was
uh raspberry inside with a little bit of
a lemon I'm told and I did taste it it
was it came across I can't see the lemon
but it was really good uh the gray stuff
is like frosting it's okay all in all
the meal for me was actually good better
than I thought it would be I didn't eat
all of the chicken because I only want
the breast so for 67 it might not be
worth it unless what I probably would
ask is if I can get the pan seared
chicken breast off the kids menu onto
the dish that they gave me and I would
probably actually enjoy it more also I
did find out that the French onion soup
was when they first opened a vegetarian
broth it is now a beef broth makes sense
why it tastes so good now I think I kind
of feel the same way maybe about what
everybody did about dessert it felt like
compared to the other parts of the meal
it just felt a little flat like it
wasn't bad I liked I liked all three
things the macaron was definitely the
standout for me I love lemon and it was
like lemon raspberry was good but I kind
of feel like it maybe should have had
like a scoop of sorbet that came with it
the same way like Erica's meal had that
or I mean that was her only dessert
which I would now say that it looks like
Erica's meal was 100 not worth the price
not to say that it wasn't good it just
doesn't feel substantial in the way that
it kind of should
um but yeah I kind of wish maybe there
was an option well there was an option I
probably should should have asked for
the plant-based slice of cake because
there was a plant-based cake on this
menu
that I'm going to tell you about in one
second here and that was the vanilla
cake with lemon curd and I love lemon
curd and that came with fresh berries
and a strawberry meringue that sounds
like something where I was like I kind
of wish it was just like one thing like
one dessert and then your table got some
gray stuff or something like that
um I don't know I just feel like it
needs to it needs to like meet Elevate
and meet the rest of the meal because I
I liked everything I had here
um nothing was bad I like the Ambiance I
thought our server Anthony was fantastic
he was very very nice very friendly I
thought the meal was like paced very
well and yeah I so I mean the Beast we
saw the Beast come through here while
we've been sitting here
um I mean we've been here for a while I
feel like it's been about we've been
here for a while I don't even want to
say how much it was but how how long
we've been here but
um he came through a bunch so don't
worry about not seeing the beast but I
do want to say that with the um annual
pass discount which was I can't tell you
someone's thumb is over where it is in
this picture I was sanded but
um ten percent the annual pass holder
there is an annual pass holder discount
it is 10 and with the discount and the
tip the total for the four of us came
out to
310 dollars just over 310 dollars which
is
quite a bit of money especially since
there were no alcoholic beverages
um consumed and yeah so it's an
expensive meal
um I feel like I really enjoyed my meal
so like
I'm a cheaper person but if I was like
this was my like if I had come just like
me by myself and had had the meal that I
had had I think I'd be like this was
pricey but it was good like I would
enjoy it but as like a group I'm like ah
I don't know
um it's up for you to decide ultimately
everyone's taste is different and if
Beauty and the Beast is your favorite
thing in the world I think that you'd
like the experience so I think if anyone
out there has eaten here before or
recently I'd love to get some feedback
if you're watching the video on YouTube
of course you can leave comments you
know thumbs up subscribe to the channel
if you're listening to us on an audio
feed please feel free to rate and review
this podcast wherever you wherever you
so choose to do that but that feedback
is always welcome and appreciative and
we ask that you uh not forget about
dreams unlimited travel either because
again they'll help you book a vacation
and they can help you set up uh dining
reservations and everything right
I'm pretty sure they can so I'm just
kidding they can but um anyway that is
going to do it for this episode of the
Disney dining show thank you everybody
for joining us here bonjour nope wait
that's not how you say goodbye in French
I'm an idiot
it's French for
yum yum