all of the coffee lovers out there
Parisian Vibe and Leia have put together
five of our current favorite authentic
Parisian coffee places enjoy
here's my first coffee place it's KB
roaster we're in the nine aroundismo
medium
please be kind with my accent as English
is not my first language thank you I
discovered this oh by the way this is my
first coffee of the morning and this is
one of the most important it has to be
very good for me I discovered this
coffee once when I was doing a small
walk with a friend in Paris and I just
stopped because I'm used to stop in few
different coffee when I find a coffee in
Paris I just need to stop at this place
I love the cute place in Paris and this
is a cute coffee it was it was during
the summer so I was working with a
friend outside it was sunny outside how
do you call that atihas we say that in
French everybody was outside drinking a
coffee with a friend working reading a
book and it attract me a lot just seeing
happy people in a happy place make me
want to try this coffee I love this
place and I love coming here because I
know they know what they do with the
coffee remember for me the coffee is not
just coffee it's like a whole new world
and it's about different things like the
the flavor of the coffee the origins the
everything everything of the process
interests me a lot and I became that
obsessed that I I decided to launch my
own coffee brand too when you come here
you can see the beautiful teras that's
something I love and a cool cafe with
cool people but something I really love
about this place is that they are expert
in roasting coffee they're rolls their
own coffee from different parts of the
world so it allows the coffee to have
different tastes different flavor and
that's something I really love about
this place I'm really obsessed about the
amazing coffee and that's what I got
every time I come
we're now at the second coffee I wanted
to share with you we're in the 18 around
this month this weekend on this model
party near Mama a neighborhood I love
and I particularly love this coffee
because Steve the owner want to
democratize plant-based milk it's very
important for me because I usually often
take my flat whites with oat milk and
here he offered the plant-based milk for
free which is very special because
normally you just pay for it and that's
cool it's a cool initiative so come
inside meet Steve and let's try this new
coffee together
hello
[Laughter]
okay so we're here at the third place
the beans on fire hello hello the
founder of the beans on fire I
discovered this place this summer when I
was staying at a friend's place in Moma
and I fell in love I I was used to come
here every day uh taking my ice
cappuccino with oatmeal and I'm glad
you're here because thank you I'm gonna
explain you can explain what the your
coffee about and what you do because you
you roast your coffee absolutely
absolutely just a couple of minutes more
product passing by so thank you already
for for coming for being with us and for
inviting us for this for this
opportunity so absolutely I'm glad
because the first thing is that you had
a good time right so you felt a bit of
proximity a bit of friendship right yeah
and for us this is the starting point or
the final point
because what we want to be at the
business fire is a Humane sustainable
craft experience right and Humane is the
more important part the human element is
the more important absolutely so here
because we want this to be proximity not
arrogant Baristas like oh my God this is
like very special it's really kind here
nice thank you thank you thank you for
saying that because this is is actually
not so easy
to keep this Vibe it's better call me
Vibe a very simple Vibe and zone so what
we want is No Frills good coffee cakes
good time that's the more important
thing here and you can learn a
here like I talk a lot with your Barista
this summer maybe he he doesn't remember
me but I remember him he was really kind
and explained me everything about coffee
I had a good time so that's that's nice
so you can learn but we don't force you
to learn so the human element in the
coffee shop is about you having a good
experience and people having a good time
without needing to be you know an expert
the human element in The Roastery is to
help people learn to learn to launch a
rosary or a coffee business and be able
to go to go with uh with that and then
the roasting the human element when it
comes to the Farms yeah is to be as
close as possible we can to the Farms
yeah so I am from Colombia Maria my my
business partner is from Colombia as
well so that's an origin that we are
super close I'm glad you're talking
about the farm and the whole process
because yeah for me coffee is not just
having a cup of coffee in your favorite
coffee it's like about the whole process
and it's a collaboration between the
farmer The Roaster and also the Barista
and the place it's not just the beans
it's like for example how The Roaster
can express all the natural flavor of
the coffee so I'm glad you you talk
about your country thank you yeah so
you're saying absolutely it's beautiful
to talk about the farms and to have the
opportunity to talk about the Farms
something we discovered along the way
along these years is that um
we we need to earn the right to talk
about that or Inspire the Curiosity that
people get interested about that and the
way to do that is to propose something
that is nice here for you and for the
people who come and you know and that's
how we kind of connect that's how we
close the room and
a bit more like if you want to learn and
if you want to try good coffee like just
I don't know you can just come ask me
questions I'm not an expert but I would
love to share learn more and come to
cute little place to learn that's super
nice thank you for having us and talk
with us fantastic thank you
I have two more place left that I really
love and I think those are trendy place
because it's amazing coffee in the cup
but also the place is really important
for me for Blue Cafe Noir I think they
began the project in 2021 and they have
already more than six small coffee place
in Paris each of them are different that
is a crazy project and they roast
themselves every bag of coffee it's very
inspiring for me who wants to launch my
own coffee brand I really often go to
Noir Cafe it's one of my favorite place
trendy place I think I usually go there
every morning to have my coffee take an
inspiration like the the decoration the
color the vibe the people there and the
good quality of the coffee like you can
kind of choose which coffee you want in
your cup if you prefer something like
more nuts chocolate or more fruity you
can talk learn again and again and they
are very transparent about their coffee
the process Who Rose it when it Rose
because it's like a big deal the the day
of the The Roasting process is really
important my last favorite one at the
moment is Cafe Kitsune we can all agree
we love the identity the the brand it's
very atmosphere is with a lot of light
even the food is amazing there like they
have a whole world around the cafe yes
obviously the coffee is perfect the
latte art it's perfect
thank you Persian Vibe for having me
today it was my five address of coffee
for today I wish you an amazing day and
an amazing Promenade in Paris
foreign