so I recently spent four full days in
Amsterdam I'm a foodie at heart and I've
also been vegan for over six years now
and so I thought I would put together a
whole video dedicated to sharing with
you guys the best places to get food in
the city and everything is obviously
vegan so it's a vegan food guide to
Amsterdam definitely like this video if
you enjoy it and we'll dive straight
into breakfast ideas so this first place
is called coffee and uh cook I think I'm
saying that correctly and it's about a
30 minute walk from Amsterdam Central
and on their menu they do loads of
different hot and cold drinks as well as
breakfast pastries sandwiches and then
like dessert type things we're in coffee
and a cook it's a fully vegan place by
the way
and then Monica got the carrot cake
which looks really good like look the
layers is it good it's really good so if
you watched my Paris travel Vlog then
you'll know that we had a really good
croissants in Disneyland Paris and we're
on the hunt for even better ones
it's like eight yeah
sadly I don't think it was as good as
the one we had in Disneyland Paris but
the scoring was really good I don't know
why we were both just really craving uh
it's really a good scone it's so dense
really it's crumbly at the same time
let's see what the inside looks like
oh I don't know that was good I don't
know perfect quality skills though wow
yeah well done thank you okay so my
second place to get like coffee or a
breakfast or just like a late morning
snack is a place called coffee and
coconuts it's also a really cool
co-working space so you can just bring
your laptop there or just meet with a
friend and just work however it is like
a 45 minute walk away from the Central
Station so it's quite a trek but I would
definitely say it's worth it we are now
in coffee and coconuts which is a very
vibey place so they don't have very many
vegans but like the food seems pretty
like yeah yeah so we got Coke no we
didn't get coconuts we got coffee
because we're in coffee and coconut oil
first laughter I know this is my first
latte it looks really good with the
latte art even with oat milk like it's
so cute so in most places in Amsterdam
we found that you could easily get
alternative milks like oat milk for
example but I wouldn't say coffee and
coconuts is the most vegan friendly Cafe
like they had some smoothie bowls and a
few you items were vegan friendly but we
didn't get any food there just because
we weren't really feeling anything on
the menu and there weren't that many
options but Margo's on the other hand is
fully vegan and it's where we got lunch
on one day we're going to Margo's for
lunch menu it's very small it's like
sandwiches Toasties
plant-based and organic and organic dude
hello okay so I think I'm gonna go we're
still tandoori chicken tandoori chicken
which one the first one I might go for
like the katsu or poison a lot you
excited ready ready stomach is foolish
food yeah my blue stomach calling for
food about to turn it brown if you know
what I mean
so Margo's doesn't have a really
extensive food menu they mostly do like
sandwiches or baguettes and then
Toasties Angelo and I each got a
different baguette this is the hoisan
luck and that is the chicken with saitan
mmm
and they cut them for you it's so good
aesthetically
I'm a bit of a sucker for like hoisan
flavors so I honestly loved my baguette
and we both agreed that we think I had
the better one so if you're looking for
a quick place just to get lunch then I
definitely recommend Margo's whether
you're vegan or not and like all of
these recommendations
best sandwich I've had in a while
perfect amount of lettuce they cut it
for you taste was I took out the Chili
Peppers
how was yours amazing amazing they were
just a bit messy to eat but other than
that apples
yeah I think I have it everywhere you
guys I haven't worn my mouth right
more for me then this was a spontaneous
fine this wasn't even in our itinerary
I've had it this morning props to you we
were um showering and cleaning our
bodies we couldn't leave this place
without trying some of that desserts so
we also got that white chocolate and
matcha flavored cookie oh my gosh this
was so good as well as that lemon poppy
cake which kind of looked like a donut
which is broken oh this is a matcha
white chocolate cookie it's amazing
let's try this just in the middle of
this video I am gonna shout out Albert
hijin the supermarket chain in Amsterdam
we got some snacks there like a wrap for
example and we also got groceries so we
could cook in the hostel one evening
which does save you money when you are
out traveling but my next recommendation
for you guys is a place called Vagabond
so this is kind of like a shop and a
cafe so you can like buy really cool
items that are vegan zero waste and
really like sustainable or eco-friendly
as I said we also got a lunch here
because it has a cafe and I wouldn't
really trust their menu online because I
believe it changes every day so we just
got a plate filled with a selection of
different things so I tried this Korean
barbecue burger tofu the grain mix and
then this Caesar romaine lettuce boat
thing Angelo also tried the vegan quiche
which was Sensational and then we also
got dessert from them as well so both of
these were fully raw desserts the back
one was a vegan Snickers and then the
front one was a pecan caramel chocolate
square and oh my gosh you guys these
were both amazing and just so so well
made Vagabond is also one of the places
where you can find vegan Street waffles
which are a traditionally a Dutch food
item and you can find them as I said in
Vagabond they have like two flavors and
we also got them from a place called Eco
plats or Echo Plus these are the street
waffles that I showed you guys in the
video so we found them in two places
this Echo Plus shop that I didn't see
last time also a vagabond so Angela and
I got two packs of these and we bought
the spelter at once last year I got the
wheat syrup waffles Street waffles
they're kind of like a traditional well
are they a traditional Dutch thing I
think they are
um but these are vegan ones I actually
prefer these to the wheat syrup ones and
you're apparently supposed to put them
over a mug with a hot drink in and they
will soften so I'm yet to try that but a
kind of a random one for me a coffee
shop a recommendation where you can get
really good coffee because I'm getting
into it is a place called cafecito so
we're going to mawas today
is that the falafel place yes oh yeah
the Falafel thing you like customizer
Falafel thing I saw it last time I was
here but didn't go in basically we went
to wagamama's when we were last year so
yeah I didn't try any of the vegan food
hence why we're going all out this time
so the maua's that is closest to
Amsterdam Central is literally a 10
minute walk from the station but I
believe there is another store as well
but basically you choose whether you put
like Falafel or mushrooms in your Pitter
and then you just fill it up with
whichever fillings you want we're in
Mao's and I filled it way too
far yeah we have to use the chip thing
is on the less expensive side they have
like a mildew option and we also got
chips with our Falafel or mushroom wraps
so I choose the mushrooms actually got
the Falafel and something else that I
believe you can do in malwaz is get a
free refill so if you eat all of the
fillings in your pizza I think you can
go back for more I didn't try it out but
apparently it's true the next
recommendation then is a place called
soil so this is a Philly vegan Asian
inspired restaurant we were told so the
starters and the desserts aren't really
Asian inspired but all of their Mains
are so a lot of them use noodles and
they also have burgers that are very
Asian in Spanish we need soil
Caribbean so we tried the kebabs as a
starter and then Angelo got the memben
noodles for his main I got the
vermicelli noodle salad and then Monica
Angelo's sister got the Alexa Curry now
I think Angelo's was definitely the
favorite I did enjoy mine but I feel
like the tastes just would a bit too
monotonous after a while and next time
I'd probably go for one of their burgers
on the menu what is it tell them what it
is tell them what it is Snickers
Snickers this is the vegan Snickers
which looks really cool and then Monica
what is this
um apple crumble also got the cheesecake
on their dessert menu to try as well
this was so good I can't like definitely
recommend trying that and the apple
crumble or the apple pie that Monica had
now the vegan Snickers it tasted nice
but we all agree that it really just
didn't taste like a Snickers bar I don't
think they did that quite so well we are
going to meatless District
apparently you have the best burger it's
fully vegan by the way best vegan burger
you've ever had or Burger definitely
when I put our tips today I think I'm
gonna get another Burger Bar I don't
think Holly will do the same Holly is
usually more of a plate a nicer a nice
colorful yeah but I'm excited the menu
looks really really good we have made it
meatless District he looks so good I
know it looks fun oh plant-based badass
yes
that's me and you too yeah I know it's
open till 10. 10 on a Sunday 10. open
why thank you after you tricking now
meatless district is pretty close to the
Anne Frank house in the Jordan
neighborhood now I really think I'm
gonna say this wrong but I got the
mushroom
and then Angelo got the ultimate
cheeseburger with fries and in all
honesty you guys I wasn't really a fan
of my main I personally think I should
have tried something else but I just was
you know trying to step outside my
comfort zone and try something new but
it just wasn't really my taste palette
at all if you're the type of person who
likes mashed potato with something with
a deep and dark very rich sauce I think
it had red wine in it and um yeah that's
just not really my vibe but as I said if
you like those things then definitely
try it on the menu but basically Angelo
and I swapped halfway through and then I
ended up having some of his Burger which
was really really good and the fries oh
my gosh they deserve their own award
they were like so perfectly cooked and
just the best fries and finally we tried
their chocolate cake and the vegan
cheesecake the vegan cheesecake didn't
really pull through but chocolate cake
on the other hand was amazing so that
then concludes my vegan food guide to
Amsterdam and as I said before even if
you're not vegan I would still recommend
trying all of these places because with
vegan food nowadays you cannot taste a
difference like with the cheesecakes the
chocolate cakes the cookies and the
burgers just everything you cannot taste
the difference and I guarantee you will
not miss eating meat especially when you
visit these places and you never know it
might even inspire you to eat more
plant-based meals so I really hope you
guys enjoyed this video you found it
useful there will be a free Amsterdam
itinerary that will be linked down below
and on my website when it is released it
is 100 free for you guys to download so
definitely make use of that like this
video if you did enjoy it comment down
below subscribe if you are new and you
want to see more from me and as always I
will speak to you very soon in another
video soar into it
you gotta take the excess off
then you make it better
sorry
I think the government oh my teeth
thank you
[Music]