hello welcome back today we're gonna be
taking a look at some brutal restaurant
reviews i'm getting these from the the
takeaway trauma twitter account so be
sure to go and check them out and follow
them thank you kindly to them for for
compiling all this my dining experience
was ruined by another table constantly
whinging about pubic hair in their
burger my date wouldn't finish her meal
and left at least one of us got to taste
some pubic hair angry diner i mean i've
no words for that one there's a jacket
has rated a restaurant one star saying
iceland's biggest customer i'm guessing
meaning all their food is frozen and the
the owner responded with your mum's the
local crack dealer's biggest customer
a place run by boomers with no sense of
respect and mannerism and the owners a
lot of these involve owners responding
and i think that's what makes them so
good how about you go to mcdonald's and
eat your lunch out of a paper bag i mean
that is a fair response that's a fair
response and i probably would rather do
that than go to a place run by boomers
with no sense of respect and mannerism
there's no sense of mannerism is that a
fit is that grammatically correct
because it's not a mannerism like
something something you do like that's a
mannerism no sense of mannerism what
does that even mean or am i being stupid
editor will let me know on screen now
okay it's a terry here that is that's
like a that's a karen name if i've ever
seen one very late and the order was
incomplete think our relationship with
star kitchen is over they responded with
relationship
i'm sure star kitchen uh was is
devastating with that review terry
natasha was horrified at her experience
with this restaurant uh as she wrote a
review saying i saw a rat while eating
here now the owner didn't take too
kindly to this review so responding with
that's called a mirror oh no contact
free delivery can i get red onions on
the toasty with onions please can you
write will you marry me on the box with
the onion toasty she will be ecstatic
thanks they've put a lot of it they put
a decent a bit of effort into that
they've really they've drawn loads of
hearts i wonder what's what must have
been going through their heads did
someone really propose uh like that
although it is it is it is england in it
like uh people proposing in some weird
places i thought was that it was like um
it was like was it um i need to find
this [ __ ] image it was a cash
converter someone proposed to the cash
converters it's my favorite [ __ ]
image
love is in the air at cash converters oh
that's [ __ ] it's so good so terrible
delivery driver left food hanging on
door handle and didn't knock cold food
and so the west view chinese replied
with driver waited over 40 minutes
outside the house driving restaurant
rang the number you have provided on
justine we could not get in touch driver
has got so frustrated that he wanted to
that he wanted to hang himself so we
advise him to just hang the foods
instead thank you i mean that's about i
mean why didn't they just watch the time
delivery drivers just like leave the
food on my doorstep and walk off charlie
matthew here was thinking oh my food's
probably taking a bit longer i should
maybe check outside maybe maybe they've
left it there matthew this is your own
[ __ ] fault so karina here left a
five-star review of a place which is
which is lovely that's so nice of karina
i don't know why anyone would actually
bother to leave a positive review on
anything it always baffles me when
someone takes time out unless something
was absolutely exceptional when people
take time out of their day to review
places unless they're absolutely
terrible by the way chronicle reviewed
saint anne's kitchen five stars the
owner responded with slag that's not
fair that's not good customer service
sorry we ran out of desserts and i've
given you yogurts instead from kfc why
did kfc just have munch
punch yogurts lying around clara bro
review for this restaurant's like i have
never been to that restaurant and then
kindly attached a picture of herself
okay so i was right in a restaurant two
stars woman figuring herself behind the
counter as i came in to collect my food
she carried off for a few seconds then
stopped and smelled her finger she they
gave me my food and i nearly threw up
what would have had to have happened for
him to write a one star review was the
food pretty good was the food decent
that's why you gave it two stars pizza
stuffed crust without pizza four pounds
sometimes the stuffed crust could be the
best spit you dip your stuffed crust in
in salt it's good it's a good time i can
understand i can understand the demand
for this i would probably order pizza
stuffed crust without pizza once i met
it wasn't good at all safety your wife
said on your wedding night how is this
takeaway selling chicago town pizzas
they're selling the chicago chicago town
pizza for 12 pounds that's a scam that
is is that allowed surely that's not
allowed
okay so if the 40 to 65 minute wait time
wasn't bad enough pizza deal one pizza
with chips and drink is 680 pounds so
phil fox has rated uh somewhere one star
and the owner responding with hi phil
you are not one of our customers your
wife is one of our competitors close
friends why review us one star when you
have never been also you passed away two
years ago phil i bet phil feels really
silly after being called out like that
two stars unprofessional tom totally
unprofessional had to get the cook's
attention as these two were fast asleep
my husband went for the food after
ordering from justine in quotation marks
i'd have asked my money back if i'd see
this i certainly would not be returning
it
i mean fair enough fair enough let him
nap cold food poor portions hair in two
dishes yuck
your food was a present from us to you
to hide your boldness
three stars i got stabbed here the food
was fresh and drinks were tasty but i
got stabbed it would consider going back
yeah it's although it's not the
restaurant's fault you got stabbed there
that was how did you how did you get why
would you get stabbed in a restaurant
one star all staff high on coke and
serving frozen food from the friar or
microwave unbelievable also big meeting
point for dealers avoid i
where is where is this where where is
where is this uh location i'm i'm
curious
curious so i can i can avoid it what the
[ __ ] is that one star's shocking how
they get away with this astounding my
burger turned up had someone to take
somebody's taking a bite out of it i
mean i didn't even clock that i just
thought it looked terrible second time
this has happened after before you had
changed hands wait so you ordered from
this place you saw your burger had a
bite taken out of it and you ordered
again same greedy worker black burger
anyone tipped the delivery guy too i
don't know what tip of the delivery guy
has to do with that but it's your own
fault steve it's happened before five
stars happy with my takeaway i
telephoned and collected tasty food and
not bad price friendly and covered safe
service that the owner for some reason
responded with it's not safe three of
our people have copied i'm pretty sure
i've seen hong kong garden multiple
times on this page i'm not i i it's
probably a troll hong kong guard is
probably a traitor it's most like it's
definitely a troll account but it's
still funny five stars food was
fantastic and piping hot the missus
really enjoyed it which is very
important because it has put her in a
good mood which means i'll get lucky
tonight and be able to pipe up in
brackets it's been months so thank you
guys well jamie i hope i hope you had a
fantastic night piping piping your wife
one star thank you in takeaway order we
were looking forward to our meal after a
long day only to find an extra in our
takeaway they're sitting in our takeaway
it was a green tipped fake nail we
called the restaurant and they finally
asked for about 20 minutes only to be
told that no one there have fake nails
the person i spoke to said even though i
sound like a woman there isn't a woman
in this takeaway at all so there's no
one that they could belong to all i know
is that i found a plastic green tip now
on my food it definitely isn't mine as
there's no way i would ever spend money
on anything that looks as bad as that
nail did yummy yum yum yum yum yum yum
yum i would eat it carol two stars not
been here been passed fair enough carol
that's a fair as fair of you i mean how
can you rate it any higher than two
stars if you've never been there that'd
be absurd six stars food came a bit
early which meant my wife had to stop
pleasuring me and remove her fishnets
she did come back and finish me though
i'm glad to hear dave the message for
curious give me a few minutes sorry got
stopped by the feds bernard's two and a
half stars i noted that i
was allergic to onions i am now in adept
atlantic shock and i am waiting for the
ambulance are you trying to kill me
bernard i hope you recovered i hope you
didn't die bernard found a pen inside
the pizza undercooked food promised a
refund which they didn't fulfill i won't
order from them how did you find a
pen so i glossed over that when reading
this a pen you found a
pen inside the pizza or on a pen inside
or on the pizza if it's inside then
that's that's far more impressive
freestyles was okay food came late and
cold so the milkshake city replied with
hi there harry milkshakes are usually
cold i didn't know that you could do
milkshakes hot and you had a piece of
cheesecake sorry i do apologize i didn't
boil your milkshake for you the shame
rated somewhere one star on the owner
reply with thank you haters are my
motivators good good mentality to have
uh unnamed shop owner
have a good night who dis your delivery
driver hope you enjoyed your food haha
thanks you're welcome what you up to at
this time in the morning eat a pizza did
you enjoy it yep thank you oh good good
what you studying
three stars owner said i need to lose
some weight what would they have had to
have done to get into a two or more
start anyway the owner responded with
simply fatty
sticking to their guns you gotta respect
it closed on a tuesday one o'clock no
opening hours in there opening hours on
google maps info didn't fit and response
from the owner or whoever it was is also
awesome firstly [ __ ] off thomas we open
when we want and all times are subject
to change for whatever reason personal
war otherwise who the [ __ ] do you think
you are you're obviously very special or
think you are let me tell you just so
you know if we are close it means we are
[ __ ] not open clear enough for you
for [ __ ] take break dead regards gary
very formal ending to that to that
message
one star supposed to be delivered at 2am
and you showed up over two hours later
you got me up at 4am to be fair that
that's what that does want a one-star
review you want me off at 4am with my
food two hours after it's supposed to be
delivered i want a refund lol
two stars from james on this one
competitive with a microwave meal full
english is dry but the tomato was good
just get the tomato well no options on
how anything is cooked or to add or take
anything off if you have no choices then
it should be cooked at least average
james you can add items and tell us what
to remove in the comments box you can't
even use just heat properly to order the
food and you pick your gordon ramsay all
of a sudden
someone reviewed a mcdonald's in leeds
one star they've given us a shocking
revelation here i found out that the
meat is human not just human children it
just makes me want a mcdonald's more
george complainer one star just for
their attitude
he speaks for itself
all of fans
you gotta respect the effort with that
one surely it would have just been less
effort to give you give them a fanta
lemon but no they went the extra mile
with that you should have given them all
six stars for that two stars arrived for
a collection ordered a mincemeat sarnia
and found it perfectly slotted in
between the bricks outside i said what
kind of joke this was they could be a
fat nonsense what the [ __ ] is a
mincemeat sock what the [ __ ] is that it
sounds like a fat nonce kind of food if
you ask me one star don't know this
place one star it was absolutely
disgusting i gave it to my dog hi frank
nice to hear that food has not been
wasted thank you and making that making
the best out of about staying positive
the owner is though staying positive
positive mindset one star order of
hawaiian pizza came with apple instead
of pineapple food was really late by
like three hours delivery driver just
walked in because the door was open
that's surely not that's surely a lie
there's like three really really [ __ ]
bad things there one star disgusting my
order was rejected you still accept it
on dusty and took the money you're all
disgusting tried to attack my partner
with a kebab lice police were involved
you were proved wrong i want my money
what okay i i'm trying to i'm trying to
get a mental image of what was was
occurred here because they ordered off
justine and the food didn't show up but
the the the the kebab shop man tried to
attack them with a knife what i'm
confused how they didn't they didn't go
to the shop they ordered in but they
didn't turn up and they
you're making no sense kelly get your
story straight chris gave a pretty good
review three and a half stars out of six
nearly killed my partner asked what
gravy gave him peppercorn sirs that he's
allergic to now on way to hospital three
and a half stars though food must have
been pretty good but anyway guys we're
gonna leave there today's video i hope
you did enjoy if you did be sure to like
and subscribe if you're new merch link
is in the description and i'll see you
in a bit bye