mysterious rolls sushi oh man I did
sound good man I don't know if I get you
doll of this man so quite often during
the week I meet my friend cooler the
dong for lunch and he's got a hell of a
particular diet it does have what is it
celiac for example I don't think he can
do dairy can't do any sort of gluten
shellfish I think is a big No
so I was thinking what better place to
go than a buffet featuring foods from
all sorts of cuisines
[Music]
all right I just stumbled upon royal
hibachi buffet whoa
food not fresh and it doesn't taste it
even tastes old am warning you might get
incredibly sick after eating there whoa
now let's check out their website Asian
mitad - runyen mediterranean mid
crannium my brand well I'm gonna go meet
up with cooler and we're gonna head to
New Jersey
[Music]
I don't know if we time that one right
maybe I gotta do that again so those
watching in their homes right now might
not really know exactly who you are yet
I've done this in that dynast let's do a
little bit of it all you know I mean
they're gonna understand they already
know the impact I made on them on the
hip-hop game you know what I'm saying
so I'm you can you ask about like what
happens if the food isn't good
I mean basically man you know if I eat
some that I can't really my body can no
longer process I get I could get
potentially very sick line my stomach
goes to war with itself crazy
starts going on it's not a good
situation
suddenly the gravity of this whole
situation hit me hard I didn't want to
get cooler sick but I needed to get to
the bottom of some of these one-star
reviews
cooler didn't say anything but I could
tell he was nervous we didn't speak for
the rest of the car ride out to Jersey
until yo cannot pee before we go in
there I had to pee as well we'll figure
it out after we figured it out it was
time to fill our stomachs the Royal
hibachi buffet royal hibachi grill and
buffets no oh there is a royal what do
you think happened to the Royal part of
the sign maybe the Queen of England came
and was like yo nah like royal or not we
needed to get an IRL review have you
ever eaten it the hibachi grill the
grill is it good a little salt too much
salt be careful out there
sorry we don't do the videogames we
appreciate the offer from go have a good
fish man
[Music]
yes what cool little Gong good to meet
your brother before we got down to the
feasting chef Mosin took us on an
exclusive tour of the grounds we got six
huddle fair bars here
what is this is a butte for such no
point inside what SOI about find one mac
and cheese every day daily it's fresh
look at this cheesy no it's really good
look at it and what's this with the
cheese this is why you want me nice and
steamy people love it you know a lot of
the things yeah so people have actually
gotten married yeah they get them out of
here
love it so we have very special wings
here Wow
ceilings nice and steamy winds we have
big places never anyways you also have
right right yeah you got opportunities
this one that dominates a very nice
sports with that we're about to get Demi
blazed up in here you are the Buffy
kinda buffet double breaking the buffet
claim by faking yeah the man behind the
curtain the newly crowned king gave us
his blessing as cooler and I went out to
put the buffet to the test and I might
have diarrhea tonight but it's all for
the love of the content you should have
still sticky goes this one got mad
stains on it
this plate all the clean places is just
kind of you know I don't forget we're in
dirty Jersey baby let's do it grab one
of these little crab units I'm gonna try
this you mentioned they want some veal
sausage a little bit smack I don't want
none of this mom and pop like two
potatoes on it
both kicking butt a lettuce in there
definitely mixing a lot of flavors here
bok choy baby you know how we do it
I feel like I'm like on top of the world
right now I feel like I'm being treated
like a king right now I did notice in
the kitchen that there was a like a sink
that said vegetables or something yeah
then I looked inside of it it's just
this big giant crab
yeah but just but you're not taste does
it tastes a little fishy errs at our age
- sorry the French bars taste great I
hope there's no bread coating and nose
why don't we head back out there and get
some more round - let's do it man I feel
things going on in my stomach already
baby try some chicken and broccoli
[Music]
things I do for you guys
[Music]
you feel the heat
I feel it I feel being surveilled you
know I read look cooler I'm going for
the sushi I don't even know what this is
[Music]
oh man I did sound good man I don't know
if I get Udall this man
not gonna live having a little bit of
difficulty right my stomach goes to war
with itself crazy starts going on
and just as the war was starting the
buffet King reemergence what something's
out for you guys yeah but we had no room
for sweets I don't ever want to eat
again in my life I was on a mission and
I wasn't sure how I was going to go
because if history has taught me one
thing it's that kings do not take kindly
to criticism so in general like the
internet nowadays you know can almost
like everyone you know it goes and
complains online and they hide behind
their computer like I can imagine we
have we have this comments a lot there's
a lot of haters out nothing exactly
you know would you want to address a
couple of the reviews we wrote a couple
down just for you to kind of set the
story straight would you be interested
yes we do a couple them yeah so someone
says food tastes old AF which I guess
means you know I bet you this person he
Nevada here got it the chicken was
absolutely hard and cold discussing a
raw
we have average an average to 100 be
able to 400 be bleeped in here a day I
mean if somebody see that chicken bag
why can we get at least 300 of you back
but why we can get 100 review bag why
can we get 50 review bag you understand
so we when it gets one out of 400
here's the last thing I want to bring up
he said
gross oh no sorry no sorry that's the
wrong one sorry um absolute look
with the chicken yeah not create
language sorry I'm infuriated that I
even attended this restaurant buffet not
fair everyone if you want to be high
class and you want to be a gourmet
restaurant and gourmet food you go to
the high-class restaurants and you spend
$500 you come in here and it's been 11
95 for lunch so you can make everybody
happy
at least I join do you have a message as
a buffet owner what would you like to
tell them yes I will tell everybody come
check by yourself see buffet is 250
items you must like 1 item 2 item three
items that fit your style of a buffet I
will tell everybody who falls and kills
us
stop there I cry because it's not I will
never do that to harm anybody not even
my competition not even anybody so
please stop doing this thank you so much
you're having no thank you so much I
appreciate it anytime soon that was uh
that was real you know it's not easy
running a buffet
you can't keep everyone happy you can't
keep every dish perfect you kind of
broke it down he was honest and it's
like you know you get what you pay for
and you get what you put on your plate I
feel like I'm gonna throw up
had I got not everything and zeroed in
on a couple items I probably feel a bit
better right now but it's like you know
I don't know man you saw my plaything I
mean I could have been healthy they had
the quinoa a watermelon thing I'd even
try not in a shot on it I think I just
like might have shard it that's what I
was in order to got a little white I've
been worried about that
oh you like your steak well-done won't
be here
medium medium put look at this wow it's
nice
I mean eat good today are you gonna hide
nice lunch today