in this video I'm gonna eat bizarre
French food for 24 hours
oh you made a mistake
[Music]
so of course the menu today won't be
bizarre to people from Paris or people
from France but I'm looking for food
that you won't find in my hometown for
example frog legs snails today I'm gonna
dig as deep as I can there's a lot more
than frog legs and snails follow me
let's take this ride together and find
some weird food here in Paris
[Music]
we've come to our first restaurant our
first destination for today let escargo
I think that's how you say it you
probably maybe you've heard about it in
rap songs as cargo my cargo biggie
anybody Biggie Smalls that's cargo it's
French for snails either their address
is 1832 or this place has been open for
a real long time it's a very well known
establishment that has a huge wide range
of food from typical French Classics to
foods like snails and even pancreas
first wheel right here we have two
dishes this is a tartar or in French
roughly speaking this is a special gland
from a cap I'm gonna talk about that in
a moment but first this is a beautiful
presentation for tartar I was told
earlier that actually tartar in France
used to be really popular to make with
horse meat here they don't have horse
you better believe when I found that out
I asked hey do we have a horse option
they said no this is beef french fries
on the side can I tell you something
here in France they don't even say the
French part just fries take a look at
this you can tell it's like hand chopped
and not just ground meat oh I got a nice
big bite some raw beef for breakfast
let's go
we we it's so good it's very light
aromatic it's interesting because it's
just it's like sticky cold heavy but the
flavors couldn't be more light really
gentle
I love the feel I love the taste and
especially when you put it on some bread
oh chef's kiss very nice that is our
first course right here is the sweet
bread it's a mix of a few different
things there's a bread here there's
potato and then this is a sweet bread
which is not a bread at all this is
actually a gland what gland will let me
tell you this is the thymus of a calf
what where's the thymus it's like right
here basically it's a small plant that's
part of your lymphatic system that
sounds delicious I've never had this
your lymphatic system is part of your
immune system there's one thing this
immune system could not fight off and
that's why it's here on my plate right
now anybody would have the patience or
thought to remove this part from the
animal and cook it up and to make it
look like a five-star Meal look at this
it has a bold Smoky almost slightly
bitter flavor it's super soft nothing
like I've had before I would compare it
mostly to something between the brain
and a liver that's weird I mean I like
it it's weird in the best way possible
there's so much of it look how big this
is they do not shortchange their guests
on the thymus I mean if you come here
you're hungry for this and you might
have to split it with a friend there's
so much the best part about this very
strange food is they brought me a white
wine that they said actually pairs with
this sweet bread
yeah last thing I want to say about this
sweet bread I love the term sweet bread
because it is so euphemistic the only
way to get people to eat something like
this is to be like uh it's bread it's
basically bread what are you talking
about that doesn't look like bread what
kind of bread is it sweet bread just eat
it
so this is just our first course at this
restaurant at this point they're gonna
let me go into the kitchen and see how
they make a few of their other very
special unique Foods
this is our Chef for today she's going
to be preparing the frog legs step one
the frog legs are put in some flour
after the oil is heated up here in the
skillet it just goes directly on there a
little bit of salt giving them a little
bit of a flip more oil yes how do you
say butter in French butter in French
yeah next is a combination right here of
parsley and garlic the frog legs are
going to come out of the hot pan and
into a cast iron skillet and all that
butter is going to go right on top oh
yes finish that was our first food that
we get to see in the kitchen the second
one is snail so at this point the shells
are completely empty step one is to put
the snail meat back inside its shell all
the meat has actually been cooked
already in a broth and so it's actually
not going back into its original home
it's going into somebody else's shell
now it's all about the flavor this is a
butter she's putting inside it's a green
butter infused with garlic and parsley
these are fantastic next up we're gonna
put that in the oven and come back in
just a little bit say goodbye
the moment has come
the moment has not come
[Music]
and that is ready the butter is kind of
oozing out of some of these I can smell
the garlic right now it looks fantastic
I cannot wait to try this out
so we just came from the kitchen right
here we have the frog legs and the
snails the smells here are incredible
[Music]
right here we have the frog legs it's
okay just to eat these with your hands
just like you're eating a piece of
chicken this frog is incredibly flexible
it must have been a gymnast you can see
I love how they cook it at such a hot
temperature and so much oil that it just
crisps up the skin on the outside
that is so delicious there's nothing not
to like about that it tastes buttering
you taste the parsley the garlic until
you actually try it it does sound a
little bit strange people in France eat
frog legs but I think 90 of the people
watching right now they saw this in
front of them would not hesitate to try
it just the smells alone lure you in it
smells so good I wish you could replace
wing night in the US with frog leg night
because I could totally go for this Five
Frogs but only in front legs if you go
to Cambodia in Thailand Vietnam they're
gonna have all the meat actually they
eat the skin too I love what they're
doing here but I think uh I want the
rest of the Frog you know I'm paying for
Five Frogs five Souls where'd the rest
of the Frog go this brings us to our
final course here at this restaurant the
escargot the snails fresh out of the
oven what's amazing is they have snail
drawers inside you can see that they
have many different flavors of butter so
the butter has been infused with other
ingredients other flavors this one
though I think it's a great choice now
the thing is when you eat snails here
it's very different than in Vietnam
because they have a whole tool made just
for picking up this nail oh there you go
that snail ain't going anywhere with the
snail secure we take our little fork and
we dig for that piece of meat so
somewhere deep inside there butter
parsley garlic and then a big dark brown
gooey slimy snail let's try it out
hopefully but slightly soft too they
paired this with bread now the toasted
bread is cut thin because it's meant to
be stuck inside of the snail
[Music]
I gotta say I thought the snail holder
was Overkill it is very effective the
funniest part to me is that they just
boil random snails and put them in
random shells I'm a big snail fan ever
since moving to Vietnam I've had dozens
of different types of snails with
different preparations I love that and I
love this too well I gotta say here in
France snails are much more expensive
than a Vietnam this is lunch soon we're
gonna head to dinner at our next
location
this damn good
so we've had lunch already I've been
walking around all day I built up an
appetite and now we are here for dinner
a restaurant obviously called
probably this restaurant is 70 years old
here you're gonna find a lot of classic
French food and not just little bites
either they have some seriously big
heavy food here I'm gonna step into the
kitchen immediately to see how they whip
up one of their most unique dishes let's
go
right now I'm in the kitchen with
Kristoff Lemire here we have calf liver
it looks gorgeous it looks slippery I've
never had calf liver I'm not sure the
reason for it maybe it's more tender
maybe it's more innocent tasting we're
gonna see how they prepare it here in
just a moment let's do this he takes a
liver he's going to dredge that in a
little bit of flour the butter goes into
a hot Skillet dredge the liver once more
beat off some of that flour and then
boom
nice and easy right into that butter the
sound is incredible he starts basting it
he's putting the butter over the top
cooking it from both sides the smells in
here are incredible it's Rich it's
buttery next some garlic and a bay leaf
go inside
he gives it a little bit of a flip and
my gosh that is looking incredible I've
never seen a liver cooked this way where
it has almost a crust on the outside
here it's coming out of veal demi-glaze
look at that thick beautiful glaze
gently moves the liver over to the plate
first he puts on Lemon Capers parsley
and croutons
Chef Messi it looks incredible my first
time having calf liver let's go
[Music]
well bonjour Welcome to our first course
right here we've got the calf liver come
take a look at this the final
preparation I gotta say with the French
you got to give it up to him when it
comes to the presentation it is so soft
and bouncy you can tell it's definitely
not cooked all the way through this is
not well done that is certainly
intentional let's cut it and see how red
it is inside oh wow you can really feel
like the tissues break apart as you cut
it it is not like a piece of wagyu or
something like that
so it's not like it necessarily looks
you know super pink inside I'm gonna
scoop up some of that glaze let's try it
out all right first taste what do you
call this in French
my first taste here in France let's go
that is a very Bold Flavor the glaze
around it is sticky it's wonderful it
has a salty Savory beef flavor to it but
the liver itself is so intense it's
almost like a little bit gamey too very
strong taste
and the texture too almost like it's
spongy when you're biting through it not
dry at all it's funny because I said I
would like a white wine to go with it
and they said
um
that's not going to be strong enough how
about this
Bold Flavor to go with other bold
flavors that's intense this is one cup
of potatoes let's try that
[Music]
oh that's nice much better than KFC
sorry that was my white trash comparison
of the day there are a couple other
things on this menu that I have to try
out before leaving Paris
[Music]
course number two this is a pork Trotter
if you can see where the the hook splits
and then the skin right here it's not
crispy it's a little bit more soft when
you touch it it's not like a Filipino
crispy Pata it's more like you know a
French
it's more like a French pore Charter
where do you even begin with a
masterpiece like this you can see it
reveals the bones inside my guess is
that they probably Grill it and then
they put it in the oven to finish it off
and that is what's making this skin
right here so gummy let's try it out
[Music]
there's like a pork flavored gummy bear
unbelievably rich but super sticky just
sticking to the inside of your mouth as
you eat it it's a really clean but heavy
flavor and then on the side how do you
say that yeah
how do you say sauce
I want to try giving this a little bit
of a dip in the bangier sauce and see
what that does
the best bites so far that sauce is
everything the sauce has a beautiful
slightly sour element it just makes
everything taste a little bit lighter
this is like Garfunkel but this is Simon
you need Simon actually Simon's fine on
his own too turns out he didn't really
need Garfunkel but together still they
make beautiful music are the young
people still paying attention do you
know who I'm talking about
[Applause]
boom final course here this is kind of
similar to what we had already can you
look at that and distinguish what that
is give you a hint it's part of a pig
the you know this part it's the snout
I'm gonna try to use my Fork this time
wow that is just like pure fad this is
one of the most rich dishes I've ever
had in my life it's so soft it's been
cooked so long the meat and the fat just
peeled right off considering this is
almost like eating pure butter there we
go that is pork butter what I've learned
from the last dish is that this is so
much better with biane's sauce how was
that he's going yeah that's great
a delicious snout like skin and just
pure fat but when you mix it with that
sauce it's very lovely
so there's a patron saint of butchers I
bet you didn't know that his name is
Saint Antoine and this dish is called
the temptation of Saint Antoine and it's
all the stuff that will make him be
tempted take a look at that that is a
big old chunk of pig ear but it's mostly
just cartilage and skin let's give it a
little bit of a dip oh yes it's like
Doritos but better
oh delicious the ear itself is already
beautifully seasoned the skin around the
outside is a bit gummy chewing and then
you have that nice Snappy crunchy
cartilage on the inside it's been boiled
the perfect amount of time you wouldn't
want it any harder or any softer that is
awesome that is probably one of the best
pig ears I've ever had in my life for
most people that wouldn't be that many
ears but for me that's like uh 10 years
probably our final mystery need to end
our day of bizarre eating here in Paris
this is the tail what they've done is
they've taken off some of the skin but
they've left this right here towards the
end there's some muscle here I don't
even want to dip this this looks
incredible on its own
oh good it's like they have this
delicious seasoned flour some crumbs on
the outside it's savoring it's bold the
similar flavors to the other body parts
but just a different texture and that's
what's fun about eating something like
this is a lot of it's going to taste
similar but each body part is going to
have a little bit different texture so
we're gonna be chewing some are just
going to be completely gooey and fatty
and some like the ear are kind of Snappy
so this wraps up our dinner portion of
the day we've had lunch we've had dinner
we've been eating these bizarre French
foods for 24 hours it's time to conclude
the day
guys that is the end of our video for me
the most uh intimidating food was the
the liver of the calf so bold how can
you be so young but so bold before we go
I want to say a huge thank you to secret
Food Tours for making this video
possible they went around and did a lot
of the research for us so we could make
this video happen secret Food Tours at
secretfoodtours.com they do Food Tours
here in Paris if you come to Paris feel
limited time or if you just want to make
the most out of your time I highly
suggest doing a food tour and seeing the
best of what Paris has to offer guys
that is it for this one thank you so
much for watching I will see you next
time
all right I think there's still there's
got to be more unique stuff maybe an
endangered bird or a pigeon I keep
seeing so many pigeons I could eat a
pigeon
no I think I'll just uh get drunk
instead
welcome to the best ever merch store
where you can check out our brand new
designs best ever bandanas in black
white and red the please send nudes
hoodie pillow soft fabric with a quality
custom graphic inlay and our street food
around the world graphic tea
we're now shipping everywhere around the
world just visit
shopfestoverfood.com or click the link
in the description below to get your new
merch today a piece