hello and welcome back to another
episode of my unfortunate life choices
today we're eating the one the only
Indian food what do you guys think of
this I feel like some curry car it's not
hard you're gonna be an area to the
bathroom so let's just get right to it
let's read these reviews and let's just
go eat some kebabs no they either tikka
that is anyways here we go terrible had
the worst experience in this restaurant
tried their butter chicken chicken tikka
oh that's what you were saying you can
think of and had to throw it away
entirely do not even step in here I
should have read the reviews before
trying this one out you know exactly
what we're ordering right chicken tikka
chicken tikka the food tastes so
disgusting and the owner is very rude
and the table really really dirty
overall I wanted to give half a star cuz
they tried to serve me some of their
food so we should meet the owner we
should definitely have a unit service
some chicken tikka boys next one yup
what is it
yuck whenever I bought meat from this
store I fell sick this happened twice
please don't buy raw meat from here best
place to buy fresh meat Jim's funk
market of this is pre promo for another
market we should also let people know
it's also a grocery store so we just all
got educated that this is not only a
restaurant but it's also a market so
maybe we should buy some of the food
after - in the market try that out what
you guys think about all that this one
has a verified checkpoint Sujit this is
a legit review legit one start here we
go
one word service just attitude and if
you're looking for cleanliness you may
as well actually eat you know choice
vocabulary if you are lucky you will get
your order taken within one hour and
that is if you are the only one in life
wow it's like slow service yes the guy
with the beard is a dishonest cheat has
overcharged me quite a few times so
double check after your double check it
looks like we need to do a quadruple
check boys
you can't get you can't scan a scammer
let's delete all right with that being
said I think that's enough reviews so
let's go on and eat some Indian food
chicken tikka for the boys this kid
might be a little worst Walt this is
definitely gonna be the worst if you
know the Holyman Helene is all the beans
and meat together racial I care thank
you
I mean the menu looks good okay so you
guys want to know what time is it's
bathroom review time
okay so here's in the bathroom kind of
sink in here this whole place it's kind
of really gross let me show you all
right so we got some nice paintings
really nice paintings not much older
I'm not going to discriminate but like
come on well it seems kind of clean bad
just kind of no you know I mean but
we're working with what we got here you
know please do not throw a paper towels
in this women okay we'll all see that
what is this man what is there a big
like claw like what are you supposed to
do like yeah until the paper stuck we
can put it down there got a big trash
man it's a pretty basic bathroom it's
pretty gross everything about it is kind
of dirty and nasty but let's go get some
food now come on
all right so first impressions it looks
kind of good this is a whole foot man
this is a plane my thing
police being super impatient so let him
take his first bite I'm distributed I've
actually had Indian food one time in my
life and it was the first time I had it
I had it in London so this is gonna be a
hard mix up because that was a five-star
place and this one is anyone start
playing so how do I eat this bro that
was not edible
hey it's spicy all right Billy's gonna
try something what is that Billy but a
chicken so bad but good so what is this
doesn't even [ __ ] chicken tikka okay
so this is the chicken tikka that they
were talking on the reviews I'm gonna
give it my hundred percent real honest
review okay here we go
but a little chewy but it's not bad it's
spicy I think the quality of chicken is
not the best but its flavored gut it's
it's it's spicy okay it's like patty
chicken but the seasoning and flavor of
it is very good yeah so yeah you can
taste the chicken but it's good what is
it
this go great this is going you're
spillin never had this before give it a
go
hey here we go I don't get the strings
it's gonna get hit my spice off but yeah
I don't like that I don't like that at
all yo our stomachs are gonna be screwed
after this place I guess in the Indian
food culture they eat the spread they
eat with anything or did you say hummus
or pita bread it's coffee
give me a ghost I'd dip it in some sauce
too I'll dip it in the goat sauce you
know this is the best part how dumb this
weird-looking chicken best you guys know
I mean rice tests looks good you know I
mean like it looks nice oh yeah it's
hard I'm the guy that tells you guys the
truth all these other guys that are
making these kinds of videos they're
going out there and they're like eating
like food like you'll buy it when
they're done we're actually eating this
so like you guys are gonna know a whole
progression of our stomachs trying to
you know break down this food later I
think I'm gonna try to bite some of the
meat off of this hoof huh it's called a
hoof hoof yeah
oh that's been really spicy oh that's
really gross humming you're supposed to
eat that are you just go slap this -
that would make a lot more sense that's
- this is not edible
no no there's kind of like a little meat
down here well that's his paw I just
pictured my dog's paw as though inviting
that this string is like that's it
that's the nasty Dinah - choked on some
of the goat foot we haven't had a lot of
Union food so like I can't necessarily
tell if this is good or not like how
about you besides the fact that we're
really really hungry I mean the spices
all right it's there but I don't know
it's like everything is oily like and a
little bit creamy at the same time like
this that string I've never even string
before initially all right then I went
for the second bite and he's realized he
goes rock
okay I know all this thinking has holes
there listen listen I'm gonna forgot to
talk about this on camera so we're gonna
cut into something right now okay in
here
yes doing great okay so so we can talk
about this before but we're gonna cut
into it right now but Jake and Vinny
actually found mold in the frigerator so
here's a shot of that keep in mind while
we're eating all this food
here's the mold pretty gross and I'm
actually kind of full now yeah
surprising how that happens you know I'm
still hungry chicken tikka is supposed
to have this kind of sauce me well when
you cook guys will be kinda stringy it's
like if you roast it it doesn't
something you haven't driving I'll give
it one big bite on camera because I care
about my subscribers and I really want
to give them the best taste and I can go
ahead for Street
oh come on Oh
don't hate it come on Jason I really did
I bite my tongue come on you're playing
this respectful that's full of it yeah
all right wants while the rest I already
saw half of it you pretty much done this
finish it my mama raised no quitter
what you done with some of that mango
lassi yeah well that's burning my throat
yo as you guys can see what we ate was
kind of only the chicken in the bread
all the soups are still there because
they typically taste good
I don't know man anyways I'm gonna pay
for this bill and so much this is right
to be around like 45 50 bucks off
everything lady drinks
do we need the paper and you have it
I'll grab it I'll buy a prayer you guys
know splitter stores everywhere and you
guys have some drinks
one one one one all right 38 91 chicken
jerk chicken jerk chickens all right you
guys some try some I just opened it good
yeah I do it for work this is not the
same visit now I'm a daddy I'll give it
a go
I'm gonna take now you guys want sure
okay yeah yeah turkey sucked
that turkey was not doing that
sorry was a bit I was gonna swallow
anything so what are your initial
thoughts Billy bright wasn't too bad
like the review said that God was real
super nice super nice guy awful really
cool I appreciate it the chicken tikka
was it was it was not bad but it was not
good yet I mean like I'm sure there was
probably something better yeah but like
but for what it was we go out there to
try things long for bus places you're
like it did you're right okay okay I'm
gonna end this videos early thank you
guys for watching if you want to see
more one star reviews let me know in the
comments below
what do you want to see me do next I
will do it because I am a sick bastard
and that's what I do love you guys so
much thank you so much for all the
support and continued support that you
guys for listening to my music if you
haven't already go stream it is in the
description below get the new merch
brennentaylor comments most farmers in
the game I love you guys I'm gonna go
check on caring cuz poor guys throwing
up out there alright see you guys later
peace
buying drinks all weekend done all right
you got this make sure you guys check
out yesterday's video and also make sure
you hit that subscribe button right now
and turn on post notifications so you
never miss a post follow me on my other
social medias and I'll see you guys
tomorrow peace out