today I'm going to be eating at cheap
versus expensive food trucks for the
entire day there are over 36 000 food
trucks in the entire U.S where you can
get different types of food from around
the world out of a truck we're gonna
start off our day with some coffee and
breakfast out of a truck before the
coffee I forgot to mention we hit 23
million subscribers guys thank you all
so much for your support it means the
absolute world to me without further Ado
let's get into the video
this food trailer is a five star on Yelp
you don't see many five stars out there
so this is gonna hit Hi how are you oh
man this looks awesome yeah is that cool
we make YouTube videos sorry yeah it's
okay you know you're the third person
today
no way a few other guys this morning
came to like filming for like YouTube
series were we here earlier bro so
what's like a popular coffee here all of
our homemade latte syrups are the most
popular lavender honey Rose Honey brown
sugar cinnamon archives also homemade
and our mochas are honestly really
popular because I make the mochas with
real chocolate can I get like a brown
sugar one iced yeah you got it and then
Noah what do you want I know you're a
big coffee guys I'll do the uh mocha
when you're talking about anything else
you guys you guys have waffles right
yeah most popular is probably the peanut
butter lover very special fresh berries
avocado is really popular too I'll do
the berry special please how long has
this been a food truck by the way
October of 2021. is it just you here
yeah it's just me here but I only
started coming here maybe two months ago
yeah I saw a lot of good reviews on Yelp
and all that stuff so I definitely
wanted to try it out dude I love The
Vibes here the aesthetic of the place is
nice I mean just based off the reviews
they said it's some of the best coffee
that they've ever had so me and Noah
will be the judge of that we get coffee
all the time all the time bro bro look
at the waffles no way so fresh thank you
so much it looks delicious appreciate it
yo look at the brown sugar this is yours
Noah oh man let's go to a quieter spot
to review it let's go we got all the
food and I think we just gotta start
with the coffee taste test brown sugar
love baby
this tastes like a homemade coffee
literally what she was saying to us that
everything feels more homemade this is
that taste right here you could tell
there's no added syrup or anything
unhealthy in this thing and I like The
Branding rise and grind that's what it's
all about guys I think I'm gonna compare
it to Starbucks because that's like the
biggest coffee chain how would Loki hit
this more than Starbucks I feel like
Starbucks has a lot of like different
added stuff in there that you don't know
and it's a little bit more unhealthy
this is a that home style coffee field
now the waffle
man
got some fruit oh my God that's
delicious bro with the fruit too
blueberries and strawberries oh my gosh
this is the perfect breakfast right now
no I gotta get your reaction to the
coffee yo I got the mocha made with real
chocolate though stop playing a little
swirl
well it tastes like hot chocolate well a
little hint of coffee in there I like
what you were saying about like how it
tastes very like natural it literally
tastes like she handcrafted everything
inside of that truck yeah that whole
trailer I would rate the whole entire
thing along with customer service a five
star out of five star to start out the
video I'm gonna have to hit your waffle
though Pro inspired pot makes sense why
they're rated that high I forgot to
mention too I'm gonna be tipping every
food truck 500 after our experience so
what a great guy man I don't even know
that I'm excited to see her reaction
she's super genuine it seems like she's
actually grinding as it's in the name
rise and grind so I think she really
deserves that 500. what are you doing
Noah is that how you're feeling right
now that's how I'm feeling that's how
I'm feeling okay I just want to know
what you did with this coffee you
know no I don't I love it it's amazing I
feel like I'm at home when I'm drinking
it oh thank you yeah of course I want to
give you a 500 tip no yeah the coffee
deserves it yeah are you serious yup
that's all yeah what is going on are you
for real 100 that's all you good thank
you of course what was your name again
my name's Autumn this is a small
woman-owned business me and my sister
own this oh honestly this is like crazy
of course guys if you're in San Diego
come check out rise and grind coffee
show them some love wait I'll take a
photo after my boyfriend yeah no wait
you get in the photo too
thank you guys because they're
supporting him so he'll support me of
course oh that's so cool oh my God love
to see it thank you so wild thank you
yeah bye telling you this coffee is
worth 500 bro
all right guys it is time for lunch and
we found this taco truck that was
actually featured on a Netflix show from
how good it is and this would not be a
proper food truck video without a taco
truck I mean it's just a classic let's
go see what the hype is all about I mean
off the bat bro I love LED lights they
got that down so this is called Pico's
place the sea
the truck itself is actually nice so
there's an ATM I have never seen
anything like that an ATM in a food
truck okay they have too many options
here bro what do I go with and of course
the classic Carlitos bro come on this is
just fire I actually love the orange one
too so I'ma cop that what's up brother
hey how you doing man how are you really
good nice to meet you what are your
favorite items off the menu my favorite
Auto on the
no beer batter fried fish taco which
made it to Netflix also the smoked fish
taco okay tuna can I get the second one
I'll grab one of these
and then Noah do you want something they
mix Ceviche one mix Ceviche yes it
sounds good brother and then also what's
one other popular item on the menu the
shrimp cocktails you gotta try it yeah
get a shrimp I'll get a shrimp cocktail
sounds good brother yeah hey brother
come try to sample soup while you're
waiting it's a fish and shrimp broth
really good okay okay dude I guess while
we wait they hand out broth here we go
buddy wow thank you so much it's a seven
season broth a little bit of fish and
shrimp in there wow
take a whistles
whoa what's crazy is I'm not a huge
Seafood guy that tastes fire please just
try it
normal now for the main course oh my
gosh sheer butter shrimp taco wow the
shrimp cocktail okay this looks amazing
and a famous mix Ceviche thank you so
much they even got this area where you
can actually put toppings on the side
too you already know we gotta grab some
lime for the tacos onions everything's
good they have sauce right here bro I'm
gonna grab some green sauce throw some
green sauce on there I think we're ready
for the official taste test when I tell
you the presentation on this is a 10 out
of 10. I'm not lying bro look at this
from a food truck you gotta keep that in
mind can you say something for me they
say Mariscos Mariscos that's all I
needed to hear from you this is so
Mariscos look at the shrimp bro like you
know what's gonna hit when the shrimp is
like fat bro trust he's saying something
right now what do you think is that
what's up what's up what subscribe okay
thank you bro thank you can we cheers
our shrimps together bro we are just two
shrimps yeah at the end of the day let's
go
we got the shrimp taco bro beer batter
shrimp gotta get the lime of course this
is gonna be a nice bite I feel it I love
the presentation too
oh that was a great bite bro how's it
tasting fire that's incredible look at
the shrimp the beer battered shrimp wow
look at that and the thing is I never
really get shrimp tacos I never really
get Seafood from Mexican food yeah yeah
but this one hits different oh
I love this I'm about to go for a five
out of five but hold on this is how you
know you go to food trucks if you can do
this
all right go for it oh hey my boy tastes
like a harritos commercial bro
I love my heartitos all right Noah what
did you get mixed Ceviche so this
actually has like parts of squid in it
no way has parts of like shrimp some
fish in there big shrimp on top
oh wow it doesn't get one bite right
that's amazing Super Fresh good quality
five out of five I can't rate this any
lower and it deserves a 500 tip I should
tell him that something was in our food
and then I'll put the 500 under the
plate and I'll be like bro it's under
the plate let's do it I like that that
the 500 right here we are gonna throw it
right there bro this is unacceptable I
don't like what I saw in there bro we
gotta let him know
um we found something in the food can
you just come check it out yeah okay
thank you thank you oh man it's not
looking too good what is it bro so like
if you look under the plate I don't know
if it was supposed to be in there
yeah oh my God the 500 tip this food is
amazing thank you thank you sorry for
the scare
creative appreciate it oh my God hope
you have a good day okay all right thank
you yeah of course no problem hey this
is what we love doing it for man all
right that's it stop the camera
this next food truck is called Shawarma
guys it is voted number one restaurant
in the country not number one food truck
but number one restaurant in all of the
United States and it's confirmed by Yelp
according to yelp's new top 100 list
it's now the number one restaurant in
the country I would never expect a food
truck to be the best place you can eat
in all of America but here we are check
this fact out guys it says Shawarma guys
garnered a perfect five stars in nearly
all its first 500 online reviews
resulting in the San Diego food truck
being named by Yelp as the number one
place to eat in the country what the
hell now this is a good test because I'm
Middle Eastern and I've eaten Middle
Eastern food pretty much my whole life
so I'm gonna be the real judge of this
food truck let's go best middle eastern
restaurant best caterer and best food
truck here in San Diego bro that's
awesome man I know you guys are the
number one restaurant in the country
which is awesome what's like one of your
most popular dishes so we are very known
for the like you beef shawarma
first time I always recommend to have
that halfway you have rice to bully
hummus pita bread you know I like that
and beef together on the plate can I get
one of those can we get like a side of
like palafin
first look man I'm so excited off the
bat though it smells fire I think
there's the falafel
what oh my gosh we got the half and half
plate we got the chicken we got the
wagyu beef garlic sauce on both we got
the rice the hummus assuming this is the
bread and know what you got all right my
boy wagyu beef Shawarma man with chicken
The Best of Both Worlds you know what I
mean
bro
so many different Kebab shops Shawarma
places this tops it all
look for laughing
the only bad thing bro is that it's
actually far from my house so I don't
think I'm gonna come back here for a
minute the pita bread this is like I'm
home right now my mom would make this
with bajamas bro
yeah no one's wants to talk to you oh
yeah hello
messages
wait are you serious I'm literally
reviewing the Shawarma guys right now
but I didn't get your message on
Instagram guys supposedly the owner hit
me up on Instagram yesterday but I did
not see it what a coincidence bro all in
all the Shawarma guys lives up to the
name man number one restaurant in the US
I'm gonna give it a five star out of
five star like this is incredible okay
so the owner sent me these they're egg
rolls beef and chicken complimentary on
the house bro feed first okay oh wow bro
their garlic here hits different
that's fresh looks so good I have to
give him a 500 tip 500 for you guys
thank you what do you mean because it's
great it was delicious what do you mean
I mean you guys deserve the 500 tip the
service the food everything was amazing
of course thank you and tell Brian I say
thank you thank you all right appreciate
you thanks on to the next my boy right
here wanted a signature he didn't have
anything else but a fruit snacks wrapper
so there's a first for me but hey it's
valuable now bro there you go appreciate
you bro have a good one hero take care
we are at the next Food Truck and check
out the entire setting for this place
what's up yo imagine just seeing a wild
FaZe rug filming a video while you're on
the street that's crazy this is so dope
they got floating tables they got a
bench and of course the main thing the
Japanese food truck bro we are at a
Hibachi food truck man it smells
delicious here the environment from this
food truck is a lot different than the
others because they actually have a
seating area so it gives off that like
restaurant feel but you're still
outdoors and getting food from a truck
so go check it out it smells fire before
this video I didn't know the culture of
food truck and how delicious it actually
is but I'm really excited this is what I
love about making videos you'll learn
something new every single day can I
just do a plate like filet and like
chicken fried rice and whatever else it
comes with like the veggies on the side
and stuff okay and how you like your
filet mignon cook can I do medium how
long have you guys been here by the way
one year that's awesome I love the
scenery I love like the seating too it's
awesome I'm excited to try it should we
eat on a floating table I feel like it's
only right for like a couple years looks
like a ride at like a carnival right but
you sit on this and it starts like
spinning filet mignon is ready oh I like
the attire too you look good yeah of
course do we get that Hibachi show too
yes sir
okay thank you so much I appreciate it
can't wait to try the food I actually
love Hibachi we go to Benihana's at
least once a month I got a good taste
for Hibachi first look oh
food trucks are underrated first off the
rice important
what we need garlic butter
so much
like lemon butter bro this is the
official taste test now so we're gonna
grab some of this put on some steak grab
some rice
foreign
bro words can't even describe how good
this is this literally compares to the
many Hondas
it's good hi I just want to say that's
the best hibachi I've ever had in my
life thank you so much you guys did an
amazing job I wanted to give a tip to
both of you guys here's five hundred
dollars oh my gosh really 100 that's all
you got of course yeah
got you with a 500 tip thank you
I said it's better than Benihana's come
on guys you gotta check them out if
you're in the area thank you so much
appreciate it guys I'm gonna enjoy the
rest of this and see you guys at the
next Food Truck
oh my gosh guys I'm so full hey guys
we've been non-stop eating food truck
food I don't think I could take any more
I think we end the video there wait hold
on you guys hear that you hear that
right now Rosetta ice cream truck bro no
I think it is it's a never-ending I
can't get food truck loop I want ice
cream I got for ice cream I guess
what was groovy
wait this is a sick truck thank you top
off the day with some dessert all right
can I do the Sunday crunch strawberry
dude it's in the chest right there
that's sick there you go thank you can I
get the big stick
that's the only one I've got oh thank
you Mama rug can you guess she wants the
Snickers
yes I've got both can I get both okay
hogging dogs
dogs
which is good I used to get this from
Chuck E cheese here we are thank you
you're welcome can I get the Bomb Pop
please
yay thank you you're welcome thank you
hey wouldn't you guys agree that this
ice cream is the best ice cream you guys
have ever had yes I think it deserves a
500 tip that's for you man yeah thank
you very much absolutely what's your
name rich nice to meet you nice thanks
for coming out here thanks for having me
yes of course yeah it's delicious
foreign
[Music]