what is up folks we are back at it again
today with some of the sketchiest
restaurants for 24 hours we're in the
beautiful city of Nashville Tennessee
and behind us there's varos it kind of
doesn't fit the City Vibe but let's go
see what it's all about it does say
plastered on the wall homecooked
breakfast and there's nothing better I
love and a home cook breakfast hurry
before we get run over it's also a chili
parlor buffalo wings breakfast food it's
going to be interesting let's check oh
wow this looks like a this is a very old
Resturant look at that that's him right
there that might not be 85 years that
might not be him no that's not him
that's probably his father cuz this is a
92 he's already that old W chill Bo he's
right there again and look at what they
have advertised on the wall they have
six Union in 1941 that's probably when
this guy opened this restaurant and
they've owned this business for so long
that they keep it it the city tries to
buy it probably to put skyscrapers or
businesses here and they say no it's
just like an odd man out old style kind
of sketchy restaurant for the City Vibe
cuz look at what we have right next to
this restaurant this is actually
Nashville's oldest restaurant give me
your phone let me Google it real quick
what is the oldest
restaurant all right here we go Moment
of Truth what is the oldest
restaurant Bario's Brown's Diner so
that's pretty cool we actually happen to
be at the oldest restaurant in Nashville
and with history like that you think May
renovate a little but hey you know what
if it still works don't replace it wait
a second is that him I don't hey how are
you my man uh how you doing good good
can I get one breakfast wrap with
sausage I want to try the French toast
the breakfast bowl okay how would you
like the bowl let's do sausage in that
as well and then I would like to try
some chili please hey man how are you
fine how are you guys good good good so
you guys the oldest restaurant in
Nashville we are we're the oldest
restaurant in the state of Tennessee oh
wow the whole state what year did you
start
1907 oh 1907 wow it's all right there
that's why I had to try that chili no
drinks two unsweetened teas 3488 okay
guys so so it's not confirmed this is
the oldest restaurant in all of the
state of Tennessee been around since
1907 that's incredible man that's
10 I can't do M back up 115 years 116
years maybe that's old I don't know how
this dude's still alive that's not him
dude oh look kind of
like you think that dude's 107 what I
was just realizing is it almost looks
like that was the roof and they extended
the restaurant longer huh it does kind
of look like that maybe they did when we
finish this before we hit lunch we
should look it up and see if we can find
some older pictures or something yeah
cuz I mean 19 has said a lot of things
can change since then so let's try to
find some OG pictures and put them up on
the wall right now I mean put them up on
the screen right now so the food just
got to the table let me tell you it
definitely looks like homecooked
breakfast just like as adverti on the
window I'm excited to dig in but before
we do I have a brand new song out called
haed it's out right now this is a song
that means a lot to me I wrote it while
I was in a very dark place and I'd like
you guys to listen to it to First Link
down below you can stream the song
everywhere that songs are stream and now
let's try this okay so this right here
is the most interesting thing it looks
like a bowl of gravy but supposedly it's
the breakfast combo so let's see what's
kind of underneath it shall we cuz it
did say sausage gravy on top what's on
the bottom can't even get it this thing
ain't strong enough let's see oh look at
this eggs hash browns sausage let's go
right into it it's a
[Music]
bowl oh man if only I had a biscuit that
would hit nice but this a good breakfast
bowl never would have a thought of
putting sausage gravy all over my eggs
but damn it tastes
good I like that the Bowl's just good I
wonder how the French toast is Jake all
let's just give this a rip one and done
whole thing one and done look at this I
will say all of that sugar does look
good hot syrup hot syrup hypen syrup
respectable
syrup oh my God must be gas this must be
made from French toast EV this is so
good powdered sugar the bread just
tastes like the freshly made disc it
hasn't been sitting around they
literally chuffed it up right now
brought it straight to the table
something I'm going to come back for it
is Texas toast I do want to point out
something I noticed behind Jake look how
rundown this little part of the city is
right here you got burnt down buildings
across the street things are pretty sus
over there so this place is known as
being a chili parlor well check this out
here is some of their famous chili that
they've been brewing up since for over a
100 years let's see if they know what
they're talking about when it comes to
chili okay so everybody knows quick
little crumble action love that see what
we're working with here ooh lots of
onions in there mix that all up me the
Chili's probably going to be bomb big
chili stand it looks good I love a good
chili op like going to a Chili Festival
you ever done those have you yeah
usually a car show is attached here we
go good Lord that's good chili this is
like classic chili when you think of
chili this is what you think of I will
say though I prefer a little bit spicier
chili but this had a spicy version oh do
yeah this is plastic chili right here
though spicy version would have been a
little bit better for me but this
regardless tastes bomb 100e recipe
better taste good I will say right after
the rip this looks very anti-climatic
let me see the inside of it hold it out
to me it's just a little power meal okay
you know I feel like Starbucks would
make something like this I mean it looks
good I mean I wish the cheese was melted
but go for it yeah I'm going to
definitely put some hot sauce on it it's
like a vinegar
[Music]
basy it's good nothing's special just a
little wrap egg cheese sausage and a
tortilla but it will get me through the
day made me feel good made me feel
energized this little kick of the hot
sauce Yum Yum Yum you said French toast
Heaven huh yeah are you really just
trying to get me to try this because if
you get the calories and fat I got to
get them too is it that good it's real
good it's really good you're going to
fall into
[Music]
heaven wow talk about moat in your mouth
the whole
thing
must be the best friend I told you you
thought I was lying food I thought you
were just trying to get me into eating
more sugar well I was but like that's
good too you bastard breakfast I'm going
to honestly rate this little spot a
solid 8 out of 10 it's a good little
breakfast spot everything is as
advertised homecooked breakfast super
good wonder what else we're going to eat
today so let's get on out of here and
let's go get looking for the next
sketchy spot come
on got to be joking me right this is
what we're having for lunch Rico's Taco
Rico in Spanish means Rich this is
giving me the opposite of rich either
way let's get on in there and let's go
try this place come Ono
tacos okay Perfecto all right so let's
get um two
twoa two tacos that's fine let's just do
tacos
see Perfecto gracias all right all the
cash I had but let's see how this would
tastes we're getting a bunch of
all right you guys so we're standing
behind the restaurant right now because
we could easily walk around this thing
but this is the back I don't is that
like an animal a dead animal underneath
the fan that's holding it up propped up
more I look at it the more I kind of see
an animal I don't know they also do have
like ble or something on the ground
cooking yeah they have something cooking
up right here in a pot it's got the
propane like this is as like I don't
want to say ratchet as it gets but
that's as R there's no Grill they're on
they just got a flame an open flame
shooting it on top of a griddle that's
wild let's go check out the rest of it
oh look it's like pork damn kind of
looks good hey like check this out so
this is where all of their supplies come
from as you can see the bread the Sprite
everything don't touch this this might
be a live wire at any moment we can be
shocked it looks like like they might be
hijacking the power I don't want to say
illegally but I'd say that might not be
too legal anyways hey let's hope it's
good let's hope it tastes delicious I'm
ready to try it I mean it's literally
turn around you got houses right behind
you so it's kind of a weird interesting
place to be there's only women that are
eating here so I don't know it must be
fire I trust them if there's one type of
woman you could trust it's a Latino
woman all righty guys so all of tacos
just came here they do look nice I won't
lie the only thing I will say is that we
saw all the park the car with all the
Kroger bags inside so it's obviously
that's I also think it's weird that they
put cheese on like street tacos but that
must be a southern things they love
their cheese out here Salas yeah
definitely going to throw some which one
are you trying first I'm going to take
off one of these right off the bat don't
need two tortillas for me I'm cutting
it's cutting season oh mine just fell
apart damn anyways we got onions we got
chicken we got rice let's try it
cilantro
[Music]
that's a good little taco it is pretty
good that cheese is actually kind of
good cheese actually hits nice maybe
because it reminds me it's
perfo really makes me reminds me of like
the street tacos that you get in La at
home that I'd make at home not
necessarily the ones that they'd make or
the ones that I'd be throwing on the
grill making myself or it does taste
very homey and tasty not that I'm like a
chef or anything but we know how to make
good tacos of course it's a good taco
I'm trying the langa and I'm going with
gessa which is brain so cheers on that
wow this has some good flavor it's got
it does have a real good flavor in here
the Cava literally I I'm not where do
that me come from damn that guy's
jamming on that
Harley I don't know how he even thinks
with that music that L I will say this
the Salsa's like lacking a little bit
like I wish it was little salsa is a
little watery yeah but the tacos what
this is important tacos are good every
was very fatty I just say though yeah
all those things are usually as fatty
okay we both got gardi out of here I'm
going with red salsa this time I'm going
to go a little bit of both cuz the red
had the kick little lime let's try this
one really good tortillas too I W lie I
don't think they're making them in here
but I think they're buying it from a
small Mexican market that makes really
good homemade tortillas carneada and the
chicken I think have been the best ones
the ones that are a little bit more
interesting I'm not really liking the
head was very fatty and slimy and kind
of gross overall I think it's a pretty
good spot for just randomly being a hole
in the wall I think they're making good
stuff it's interesting cuz it's not this
what it looked like when you look at
this place it looks like it was like
possibly on wheels at one point and then
they capped it up with this bottom
little skirt to close it off to make it
look like an actual restaurant but if
you actually look at this with your
naked eye you can see it's not even like
on the floor because the floor isn't
there's definitely wheels in the bottom
there's definitely Wheels it's
definitely look at the curvature at it
you know regardless they made this home
they're concreted into the floor now
they got concrete steps leading into it
so I think they're here to stay and let
me tell you I can't hate I like it tacos
are good so far last but not least I'm
going to throw these past ones down hope
for the best I some that sauce you keep
putting it so far away from my head you
know is that one gas I thought is gas
I'm trying not to eat as much pork
either but damn the Mexican spots always
bring me back I'm good at saying no when
it's a breakfast restaurant was so Fabby
that's one yeah the head the head was
horrible Kaba it's not it the
rest and for 20 bucks not bad we're fed
we're fed you going to try that Lang one
one N I want a better taste my last
taste in my mouth was all that fat I
don't know I don't like what I the fatty
one that I had turned me off on it
look all in all I can definitely say I'm
happy that I came here happy I got some
tacos filed both of us up for 20 bucks
that's a steal where else you going to
do that where not even McDonald's all
right lunch definitely completed now and
I'm definitely full so let's get back on
the road and let's see what we're going
to have for dinner let's go come
on before we get into our dinner scene
if you don't already know I have a brand
new song called hate it it's out now
here's a quick preview it
I mean it sounds good doesn't it go
listen to the whole rest of the song
first link down below all right now
let's go get this dinner let me tell you
it looks sus come on so usually you
could tell how good a restaurant is
based on how many people they have
outside well this one has none so let's
go see if it's good or bad come on wait
second cash only I think there's an ATM
around the corner what do you mean like
a public one yeah that's sketch got the
cash we're good let's go in and let's
try this place come on after you hey
there how are you how are y'all good
good so let's see what they got first so
obviously this place is known for their
their pizza but where is this big Brick
Oven that they have is it back there I
need to see it I'm not seeing no Brick
Oven you guys got one of those big brick
ovens that's on that photo I don't think
they're they're more like metal oh so so
that's not even David's Pizza up there
um and the photo honestly don't even
know what the photo looks like it's
right here you're saying this ain't
David's p this is like we have a metal
oven oven okay well the truth comes out
either way I hope the pizza's good let's
do a uh pepperoni pizza on the thin
crust or hand tossed oh is it actually
hand tossed is it actually thin these
are the questions that I got now you
know it goes through like a little it's
like a machine and so it's not hand toss
it's machine toss okay all right you
know what let's leave it up to machine
and we'll do it that way thin I don't
want thin it's not thin it's it's hand
thin or hand toss hand toss it's not
hand though it's a machine no the thin
is through a machine which one's through
the machine so the hand toss goes
through a machine and it kind of like
press he always tries to correct me I
was right okay let's do that one that
we're doing the hand tossed one small
and then we're going to get Philly
cheese steak and then just so you know
we are taking cash what the heck
happened to your credit card machine
it's been down for a little bit been
down all right now I'm just playing I
got cash I'm just messing give me a hard
time have you met David himself no I
have not really so he doesn't even pop
by his own restaurant I think he
pass I'm pretty sure bless his heart
like your to going be 22 22 thank you we
literally got the rundown of this
restaurant from the nice lady up front
so whoever owns this place don't get mad
at her but the hand tossed isn't hand
tossed it's with machine there's also a
thin crust option which I'm assuming is
also not done by hand this roof is crazy
yeah it's just all individually painted
checkered style I mean that's probably
the nicest thing above this restaurant
to be honest but you do see look at
these ones back here that have water
damage next to the AC fill that brick
wall right there give it a oh not really
prick no that's fake everything about
this place is fake everything that they
make you seem like even the
advertisement of fais pizza isn't even
cooked like that I'm amazed so let's see
how this tastes one for a surprise all
righty folks so the Philly cheese steak
just came to the table it doesn't look
half bad okay does have a little bit
less meat than I would normally like but
let's let's try it okay fresh hot
[Music]
steaming that bread is fire meat
seasoned nicely the veggies are nice
little snap them these are pretty good
only thing I'll say here is that bread
is fresh it's just almost more bread
than anything else because there's not
enough meat in here but the do the
little bits of meat that you do get are
quite tasty okay honestly I might have
to take back some of the things I said
but we're here to judge a pizza this
ain't too hard to do some salt and
pepper and some meat that's good though
[Music]
good and this is Jake's bathroom review
first off that's blowing real cold air
and it's kind of susing me out but it's
kind of gross I'm going to give you guys
some shots of it it's kind of dirty
lighting's really bad I think there's
some waiting outside for me but we give
a couple shots with the flash on so you
guys can really see and then I'll come
back for a smell test just looking a
little
ratchet it's a little ratchet all right
smell
test I think with this clean moldy air
I'm going to give it around like a a
four it's not the worst but I think I'm
also going to die from this so let's get
out of here before the pizza comes this
is a perfect time to tell you pick up
some merch ray.com everything's going
still quick oh and it's here thank you
much thank you all right folks so the
pizza just came here and did she say
hand tossed or did she get pulled out of
a small Douro box and given to us this
looks like something You' get out of a
gas station or like 7-Eleven if you were
to order the whole pizza I mean it
doesn't look bad djo doesn't is not a
bad Pizza it looks like it's fresh hot
and ready so I will say though it also
is very uh oily the cheese looks like
it's was raw at one point and now it's
melted that's what usually cheese
happens it's raw and then it melts well
I met the whole pizza was probably raw
and then yeah that that's usually what
happens when you cook things really you
get like a raw steak or frozen I meant
froz Frozen I'm not good at English it's
my second
language really doughy it fresh it's got
the things that remind you of a pizza
you know it kind of smells like a pizza
it looks like a pizza obviously when you
take a bite of it all it is is dough
you're not getting much of the sauce
you're not getting much of the cheese
you get the saltiness from the
pepperonis but everything else is pretty
bland and not very good which is very
surprising though because you said the
pepper RS were salty I also felt like
that was kind of salty but that's what
made it good was that it was salty that
was good this was not good people are
coming in here there's attraction of
people coming in here so I don't know
maybe we should got a large pizza or
something like that maybe the maybe the
smalls are while we're here though I am
curious since we just drive by these
places and we choose based on if they're
sketch or not what do they actually have
as reviews here let's pull it up okay
all right two and a half star 30 reviews
2.4 Stars I mean I won't lie the pizza
tastes like a two and a half star now
that I know can confirm definitely 2 and
a half St Pizza it's not horrible but
it's just not great and now we know the
truth they don't even have an oven a
brick oven back there they're Liars they
lied this came on cardboard no pizza
comes on cardboard right also $22 for
all this stuff not a bad deal not a bad
deal but not a great deal I won't be
back all right folks so there you have
it it makes sense that there's no one
standing outside this restaurant it's
because it's not very good all of these
people are a lot smarter than us cuz
they keep on driving by I hope you guys
enjoyed these sketchy restaurants for 24
hours if you did hit the thumbs up pick
up the merch br stream the new song it's
out now go listen to it available
everywhere until next time I'll see you
guys later
peace Mama taugh me how to stay quiet
people it a mean nothing everyone
[Music]
storyed ha it it's so much on my mind I
don't say it