most of you probably know what a
michelin star restaurant is or at least
what it means it's the best of the best
yet the vast majority of us will never
ever get to dine at one why it's
expensive super hard to get a
reservation and there just aren't many
of them but today i'm only gonna eat at
michelin star restaurant for the entire
day before i go don't forget to like the
video because this one's going to be
expensive let's take a field trip before
we start i do want to give you a little
rundown of what exactly we should be
expecting today what is a michelin star
restaurant most people will never even
get to try a one michelin star
restaurant let alone a three which we're
gonna be trying later today and for
those that don't know the michelin guide
is a series of guidebooks that
essentially tell you what the best of
the best restaurants are i do all sorts
of things with food and even i have only
eaten at two or three michelin star
restaurants
and even i have only met two or three
michelin star restaurants in my entire
life and today we're eating at them the
entire day for breakfast lunch and
dinner let's head into the first one the
first restaurant here is called risdora
it's a one michelin star so we're
starting off slower but we're going to
build up very quickly so let's head in
[Music]
it gave me a nice cocktail it does have
booze in it is that crack manny that's
correct that is correct never too early
things are gonna get wild today
it's really good actually
thank you so much guys thank you before
we explain what are both of your names
i'm a diary this is chef every star ciao
i'm dominique limardo i'm the executive
pastry chef at risdora
[Music]
so here we have our wobo nino burgesa
what's neat about it is in the center of
this raviola there is an egg yolk so as
you cut it you're going to see like a
nice egg yolk open up and pour out here
we go i know it's a lot of pressure
right
pull it open but it looks like yeah oh
it looks pretty perfect
look at that that's so beautiful you
nailed it we have focaccia so this is
supposed to remind you of sitting on the
beautiful streets of italy chowing down
on on on prosciutto and fashion
perfect okay and then steak and eggs so
steak and eggs so here we took an
american brunch dish uh so we have
parmigiano and the whole industrial eggs
on top of the arugula salad the hanger
steak we actually marinated in balsamic
vinegar the whole dish is tied together
by that parmesan yes and the last one
here so the staple of restaurant noco
frito it's a fried dough use sparkling
water in it it's topped with moridella
prosciutto and culpa and does the
sparkling water get a little lighter and
fluffier is that the idea so i think we
should try the egg yolk raviolo as the
first dish we've obviously already cut
it open it's got those white truffles
it's got the mushroom in there it's got
the nice egg sauce on the bottom
[Music]
the coolest part about that dish right
there is that you can actually taste the
truffle but it's not overwhelming it
doesn't punch you in the face it's
perfect the egg yolk sauce there on the
bottom pulls the whole thing together
with this really gooey sticky and almost
kind of creamy sauce for the pasta it's
also just mind-blowingly delicious this
is the focaccia the one that's supposed
to remind you of sitting on the
beautiful italian streets or countryside
um
given that this is our start to the day
this is our one michelin star but also
more of our kind of breakfast brunch
type place we have a steak and eggs dish
and i feel like this is the one that i'm
most excited to try it also kind of
represents most what we're doing for
this first stop of the day now when i
eat i'm a big fan of always taking a
well-rounded bite which means that you
have to have each part perfectly layered
on that single bite that you take but
let's try it out
what i love about this dish is that the
chef treated all three components very
differently but also the attention to
detail is super super evident that steak
obviously has all that balsamic in there
while the eggs are really fluffy creamy
with that parmesan cheese in there and
then the salad just kind of brings it
all together with that super light
crispiness at the end this final dish
the specialty of the restaurant it's the
most simple but often those are the best
bites you'll ever have in a place it's
very simple a fried dough ball with a
little bit of prosciutto or meat on top
nothing no
this is one of those bites that you have
to eat right out of the deep fryer it's
got to be piping hot and delicious that
dough is soft and chewy and it's really
cool that you can bite into this light
fluffy shell you're gonna have to give
me a few minutes to finish all this food
this concludes our one michelin star
stop and we're ready to head to the next
one to me it's already evident why a
place like this will get a one star over
a traditional restaurant but what will
actually separate a one from a two from
a three let's go find out
so the one michelin star restaurant was
fantastic but now we are headed to two
gabriel cuther i think i'm saying the
name right but we'll find out in a few
minutes and i have a little fun fact for
you as we head to the next restaurant
believe it or not the michelin guide was
actually founded by the actual michelin
tire company you know the big fluffy
looking michelin man back when this was
founded in the early 1900s there were
only a couple hundred cars in all of
france and this michelin guide was given
to people for free in hopes that more
people would buy cars so the goal wasn't
actually primarily to guide people to
good food instead it was to get them to
use as many tires as possible to make
these brothers as much money as they
could make just thought i'd toss a
little factoid on you for today he just
subscribed he just subscribed yeah give
me a facebook
this is our two michelin star restaurant
gabriel cruther i think we were missing
the r back in the car right here we've
got the two michelin stars let's go
inside and see the real plaque you can
already tell this is going to be an
incredible meal i'm i'm salivating
[Music]
so we've reached the two michelin star
restaurant i don't know if i mentioned
this earlier but one michelin star means
it's high quality cooking and worth a
stop when you step up to two michelin
stars it means it's excellent food
excellent cooking but worth a detour as
in if you're in new york city and have
to travel halfway across the city to get
there you should do it
we are now going to watch the most
commonly ordered drink here be made
the name of this cocktail is a plot of
the dragon blood of the dragon
[Applause]
we are letting the chef go ahead and
give us whatever he wants so i'm super
excited to see what he brings out the
whole menu or wine menu elise is on the
the ipad look at this i mean you could
drink for years in this place
[Music]
almost 100 full pages of different
alcoholic choices here
[Music]
cheers
boom wow
so the drink is a beer cocktail actually
i've never heard that term before
made with some sort of liqueur that's
that's illegal technically then you see
the bread here which you can already
tell it's just very fancy bread it comes
in a beautiful presentation what i'm
extremely excited for are these little
arancini bites that italian dish with
some saffron in there and then some
caviar on top they're beautiful
naturally i think it would be fair to
start off with the bread it's very very
hot and flaky on the outside almost like
a croissant i'm going to dip it into
this light and foamy mixture here
not a really good friend whenever i get
to a restaurant and they've taken the
time to make the bread really good i
know i'm in for a treat for the whole
meal i am always in for a good bite of
caviar
the best thing i can say about that bite
right there is that it's extremely well
balanced the caviar on top is fatty has
that salt you have that really citrusy
gel that's holding it up and the
orangini is warm and crispy even though
it's very small this dish almost hits on
every single little thing you want in a
good bite of food let's move on to the
next course
[Music]
so we have two different wines uh paired
for the entrees here uh the first one
2011 leon bayer compta eggleshan this is
a very special soil this riesling is
grown on muscle car it's a very hard
soil you get a very well built very
structured style of riesling here this
is a very classic producer kyugel this
is their pinot noir grocery lau or grand
cru 2012
is one of the most important producers
and they make a beautiful example of
pinot noir and all sauce here we have a
red grape that ripens very well and
produce a really complex style fog rock
can often be a controversial ingredient
though it's probably one of my favorite
flavors and foods out there and you'll
see it a lot in french cuisine i'll take
a nice small sliver and put a little bit
of the pistachio on there like i said
well-rounded bites
bhagra is extremely fatty super
flavorful but doesn't have too
aggressive of a liver flavor and this
dish does a really good job of giving us
some of those acidic notes to balance
out the fattiness of that foie gras this
is a very unique presentation of a
waffle
while i'm not exactly sure whether
that's supposed to pair with the farm
bra this here is actually one of my
favorite bites from the day it reminds
me a ton of pizzelle of those italian
anise flavored cookies and it has this
really cool smoked jam on the inside
that brings it all together i'm always
very big into kudos and this one looks
extremely creative with the fermented
farro which i've never had before those
light crispy looking cucumbers and the
fatty fatty toro fish there's also a
yuzu sauce over the top which is one of
my favorite all-time ingredients in
cooking
honestly because of the creativity
behind this dish right here i would say
this is probably my favorite bite of the
day so far so do you happen to know why
the silverware is tilted one way yeah
there are there um ergonomic for a
right-handed guest uh we also have a
separate set for left-handed guests as
well we'll pay attention to the guests
when they eat their first two no way
we'll pay attention and see what hand
they use and then we'll make a little
note and adjust accordingly like i said
the attention to detail in a michelin
star restaurant is sort of what sets
different places apart thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
first let's go ahead and try the steak
[Music]
and now for the fish
that is a special bite fish is something
that can so easily be dry or just sad
and bland but this is a true flavor
explosion when you eat it and once again
it has all those individual elements
that taste so incredibly good together
so this is the pig carpaccio with olive
oil ice cream and nutmeg tweel minnie
gets olive oil ice cream for the first
time wow you like it that's like not
what i expected but i like it it's
really smooth
it's super simple the figs are obviously
super super fresh you can lightly taste
the olive oil in there but it's just
soft creamy this is a cocktail that we
wanted to share with you uh it's
something that is truly connected to
chef and his cookbook so this is
inspired by a hemingway daiquiri which
is traditionally rum grapefruits
maraschino cherry liqueur and lime it's
really inspired by chef koi there's
memories of summer
[Music]
here's the world amazon plus for the
dessert
and everything is done to all of that
you know explain to people what nissan
plus is mison plus is any step that you
can do ahead to be prepared when the
order comes in so you can put things
together it means everything in its
place everything in its place calculated
that's so that when service is happening
every single move is calculated timely
and the food is up to par and perfect
you know with crispiness
beyond perfect that's what we're trying
to achieve you know perfect doesn't
exist
i know you have the cookbook can you
talk to me about it this is beautiful
this is a project that people are asking
me to write a cookbook and i always put
it off and put it off and then this time
i accepted to do it because i was
prompted to dig into my rules they
wanted me to do talk about isis the
region i grew up in i know some chefs
don't want to give away their secrets
and their techniques do you put
everything in here that you're doing in
the kitchen or is this sort of a
spin-off the waffle recipe is in here in
a recipe is only a recipe and then comes
technique and then comes mastering the
technique yeah so it's not because you
have the recipe that you're going to be
the best cook in the world there are
many recipes in out there and it's not
because somebody's trying to do it that
they're going to get that result you
know everything you see in this place
has a story so what i like about what
you're doing here is you're creating a
lot of dishes based on your childhood
experiences
and that's the kind of town i grew up in
you know in a very small town thousand
people living in the town i grew up on a
farm all the traditionalization recipes
that i used to work with that my mother
made and then in the back you have
restaurant recipes yeah i hope you won't
mind if i still
i want people to enjoy them i want
people to get interested in cooking for
themselves get interested in the
opponents what we went through with the
pandemic taught people that all those
little things that we took for granted
are actually very important and that
sitting out on the table with good food
is so important
[Music]
we are late to the three michelin star
meal which is not a meal you want to be
late to so let's go
[Music]
we have arrived at our three michelin
star restaurant i got to put on my
jacket for this one obviously and the
definition of a three michelin star
restaurant is exceptional cuisine that's
worth a special journey meaning they
highly suggest you travel even long
distances to eat there let's go
the last place i'd expect to find a
three michelin star restaurant is inside
a mall
so we just sat down we were greeted by a
nice glass of champagne the tasting menu
here is nine different courses i feel
like nine is gonna be that perfect sweet
spot where we get a few small bites some
larger courses in the middle and some
nice desserts to finish up
this little holder right here is one of
the heaviest weights that i've ever felt
this size it's also in a beautiful
wrapping here and honestly this reminds
me of an ice cream cone
i think this is going to be a common
theme throughout the night but despite
being very tiny that bite packs a punch
the outside wafer is super light and
buttery and crispy and the salmon on the
inside is so smooth and creamy and
delicious just the smell of this lobster
stock alone is incredible then when you
actually taste the broth it's so
incredibly thick and complex and they've
clearly really allowed the stock and
this broth to have the time to develop
all that flavor i actually have a theory
about restaurants this good the better
the restaurant the quieter the kitchen
often is and that's because the staff is
so well trained and so prepared for each
dinner service that they're really quiet
when it comes time to actually cook
everything and i feel like that same
thing is reflected in the dining room
[Music]
this is of course caviar served with a
mother of pearl spoon the classic thing
that you want to eat caviar with if
somebody ever gives you caviar with a
mother of pearl spoon that means they
know what they're doing
that is
crazy
this isn't some sort of bowl that looks
like an eggshell this is an actual egg
and when i go in there's a beautiful egg
custard
this is one of those bites that you
taste once and you never ever ever
forget
[Music]
nick lift up your plate lift it up
this is why people don't take me to
fancy things
wow that whole mousse right there is one
of my five favorite ingredients brown
butter
oh
it's a truffle shower
what's inside are the most decadent of
ingredients you can get anywhere and
we're also right in the middle of white
truffle season and of all the bites
we've had today this is the one i'm most
excited to dive into
[Music]
again it's small what you're looking at
right here is essentially the best
little thing of risotto you could ever
imagine the rice is cooked perfectly
it's suspended in a very creamy sauce
definitely with a little bit of parmesan
and then white truffle and brown butter
[Music]
what i can say about this right away is
that it is very tender
oh my god it's like chewing through a
sponge
[Music]
eight different chocolates every single
one of them is a handcraft of course
things to overpaste with the farmer that
we actually have a look at in the back
all right i'm just gonna try the
horchata one on camera i'm a big fan of
horchata i was hoping the chocolate
would actually taste precisely like the
actual drink and it does it's a fun way
to end the meal too thank you this is
going to put a dent in the bank account
[Music]
that's the french loan being called
no way
live camera and it's fun waving at each
other we don't communicate with each
other because there's likely no
microphone but you can wave at each
other exactly yeah all right
nice to meet you he's one of our chefs
he's expediting service tonight
[Music]
and if something obviously moves and
comes down there's a little bit of
problem oh my god because these are the
you know the bordeaux and like the
burgundy white which supports from 2000
up how much do you think this room is
worth than wine a lot sir because
there's already one bottle alone with 53
000
how many restaurants in the world have
done anything like that you think that's
not too many so that ladies and
gentlemen is how you eat at michelin
star restaurant for the entire day we
started at a one star we went to lunch
at a two star and we just finished up at
a three star in fact the three star
experience took four and a half hours
alone we'll be heading back to the
studio to give a little debrief on the
entire experience but i will say that
that was probably the best day of food
of my entire life and you can probably
understand why i'll see you back at home
i got back home at 2 30 in the morning
and that was easily one of the craziest
videos we've done yet i'm a little tired
but my stomach is happy and full to boil
it down for you here's what i think the
key difference between a michelin star
restaurant and any regular place you
might go dine at this evening is one
simple thing attention to detail that
was made clear across all of our dining
experiences yesterday and the attention
to detail whether it was in the food or
in the service itself was incredible all
across the board well that was a lot of
fun i think i'm gonna take a break from
michelin star restaurants for a while
once again don't forget to toss a like
on the video and subscribe because
you're not going to want to miss that
next field trip
[Music]
you