what's up you guys check out this
restaurant behind me it looks absolutely
dead that's because it has no reviews so
welcome back to a brand new episode of
create that rating let's get on in there
and let's start this place let's start
it off okay says it's open doesn't look
like there a soul nearby remind you it
just opened like 20 minutes ago okay
maybe that's
[Music]
why the only ones here hey
there yes for two please we're going to
eat okay for two would you sit anywhere
okay thank you it's almost like a dive
bar way like there's Li in so you know
what time it is so we're checking out
their menu right now it's just written
up on a whiteboard on the top of the bar
and it doesn't look like there's a whole
bunch of items but we're going to get
started we're going to get the fried
tender sandwich chicken WRA grilled
cheeseburger we'll do that fish baset
and then I also want to try a fried
jalapeno want jalapenos please and then
I'll just do a Corona do you have any
seltzers um maybe I should watch my
weight too I've been losing a lot of
weight I'm 10 lbs down two different
flavors left you can surprise me yeah
I'll take the other one instead of the
beer so let me ask you a question okay
so we're actually we're doing an
undercover sting operation right now and
the sting operation is we are going to
be your first Yelp reviewers so you guys
have zero reviews on Yelp why set up on
you yet I don't even think she finished
it I think that was part of it we got
plenty of Google reviews got it got it
okay all right so we're going to be your
first y That's our goal today so we're
excited record those already feeling
like a cool bar but they also have like
little Cino section A little pool action
you run out of money don't worry they
got ATM inside here so let's check out
what can we actually win here because I
didn't know casinos were legal in bars
I've never seen one this is the first
time I'm here besides OB for
entertainment only oh so you can't
actually win any money but this is
calculating wins yeah but it's not going
to put out any money you don't think it
says for entertaining let's try let's
see what happens let's play Slots okay
so the dollar let's see what we can come
up with here guys where is the money
going to come out of I don't know it
says entertainment purposes so we're not
gambling on video we're going big ready
big double up play double up
start oh I almost spel my name almost
spel Jack Jake with the leprechaun at
the end let's see come on baby give me
something one more time you have me are
you entertained no I'm just losing my
I don't want a single
penny nothing one more last
credit yeah they just stole your dollar
yeah how entertained was I losing a
dollar not very much that fan be doing
some wild thing looks like a wheel
that's not tied down all the way I think
that might be a very Ingenuity
fan I don't know it's interesting
aesthetic to say at least let's check it
out when the food comes out and we'll be
the real judge this man thinks he's got
aim
and he
doesn't oh all right how about this I
got a fun game for it we get three
throws whoever gets the closest doesn't
have to buy the next round
okay this is Jake's turn horrible
damn here's mine so he basically got 18
twice I just get one close oh and that's
it right there close but not perfect but
still Better Than Jake good bye next
round so these right here that just
arrived are the fried jalapenos this is
not what I was expecting I was kind of
expecting a full jalapeno deep fried but
this is going to have to do and check
these little things out they're seasoned
crispy and I bet they got a bunch of
flavor pumping out of these things let's
get into these and let's try them for
what they are they're very cute they
almost look like they have little happy
faces in them I like them like little
happy face chicken nuggets let's try
[Music]
it oh that's a treat I like the thing
about deep frying pickles it really
takes away all the flavor it doesn't
make any juicy it's just like a dried up
shell this juicy with jalapeno juice and
little spicy little
kick that's something I could just munch
on this is definition a bar food this is
what they should be offering more often
a lot of time you just see the fried
pickles you don't see the jalapeno
option I like that I would come for
drinks and just have this with some
ranch that's gas I might put some of
these in my cheeseburger to couple of
them in the chicken sandwich what we got
pulling up next oh oh that looks good
thank you all right guys oh that's nuts
this is like the definition of a smashed
burger right here it almost looks like
she put a 15 lb weight on this piece of
meat as it was cooking and just
flattened that Patty right there looks
like it's going to hit pretty nicely I'm
already prejudging but this place is 45
minutes away from where we live I might
make the yeah I make the track this
might be my new Friday ice should we get
a knife we should get a knife we can cut
this we should get a knife guys want
anything on sandwich you have like some
kind of like chili aoli or spicy mayo or
anything like that Mayo that would be
awesome thank you oh that looks cheesy
crazy verse damn that Loki kind of
reminds me of we're sick of hearing it
we're all sick of hearing it and that's
not that
good why are you lying I'm sorry to
bother you again but could I also get
some ketchup yeah I'm not waiting for
him wait stop stop stop stop
wait you guys know I'm a ketchup fan
have to try it like how I
like the whole mic just fell out of it
oh no it broke phone down broke the mic
we broke the mic we're back though and
we're ready to try this burger I'm going
to put a little ketchup on mine cuz
that's the way I have to try a
burger oh full this is a good burger
reminds me of Shake Shack to be honest
Bun's So Soft super cheesy super smashed
Patty something about the burnt edges on
it so good it's charred to Perfection
here for this being just a bar food
that's better than some like restaurants
you'll get she can cook mhm I'm glad
they have her behind the bar I'm
finishing all these things today I
thought it was going to be good I'm
dieted for the last 4 days just for this
meal love the crispiness the next thing
we got here is a buffalo chicken wrap
and let me tell you man it's got Buffalo
Ranch SLO and cheese let's get trying
it I have to go for simple but delicious
I wish the joria was like little hot but
damn I'm put a little extra Ranch cuz
I'm a fatty maybe Murphy's Burrow is the
move we jumped out of Nashville for the
day 40 minutes out to Murphy's Boro
different little city here in Tennessee
and
damn I got to tap out here comes the
next one we ain't stopping these are
fantastic by the way thank you so
much okay she just said us this is the
most boring one we have here this is the
fried chicken tender sandwich right here
this place is so interesting cuz yes
it's a bar and yes they have a
refrigerator over there with frozen
foods but it's not coming out tasting
Frozen at all everything is tasting
really rich with flavor really tasty
almost like it's giving fast food Vibes
for example Buffalo thing reminded me of
the McDonald's chicken wrap the burger
tastes like you said in and out but
better and like you know what I mean
this might taste like Chick-fil-A for
all we know let's see what this is about
here here we go she said this is the
most boring
one hot
one is that sauce just sriracha and
mayil that's it wow it's really good I'm
going to steal that one really good just
good flavors coming out of a cool little
quain bar I wasn't expecting when I
walked in but DN I'm
surprised by the way just because I
mentioned it earlier these are giving
more of like a Carlos junr chicken
sandwich more than a Chick-fil-A Vibe
just because I mentioned it we got to
compare it right so while we're waiting
for our next dish this is the perfect
time to ask you guys okay so if you're
at this point in the video what would
you guys like to see from here do you
want the video to maintain as just a
food video and that's all it is or do
you want to see us go off and fog the
rest of the days and see what other
action we get into besides just food let
us know in the comments down below which
option you want and that's what we're
going to start do we really to do it all
we want to have some fun so you let us
know what you want to watch put it down
below remember Jake we're in here to
create the rating so keep everything you
see in mind from when we leave that
review when we get back oh I already I'm
typing it in my head right now slow it
down cowboy cuz you know you got to
screen record that first
[Music]
before the last one comes it's time you
know what I need to ask the audience
something before you do that because a
lot of people were saying that the
bathroom review the last video really
killed their Vibe mainly because a lot
of people sit down to eat with us and
then they see you sitting on the toilet
in the last place at restoration Harbor
you put that in there I'm just saying
the people are grossed out so we need to
rethink this do we want this to go you
guys do you guys want the bath review
continued or should we veto it all
together guess I'm not doing it today I
think we need to let the people decide
do they want it they have to let us know
you put that in the video I was filming
that just for you well why did you put
it in the files drive cuz you said put
it in the FES it's funny it's his fault
our last but not least dish just so
happens to be some fried fish we also
have some onion rings and some Huff
bunnies so we're going to go right at
this usually we put lemon on our fish
sticks but we're going to dip them right
into this Tarter they just came out of
frying oil so it's going to be hot let's
try an onion ring I'm going to dip it in
ketchup
pretty good quality onion rings like
tastes like pretty fresh took a long
time I B myself cuz they're snapping
when you bite the Frozen one might pull
apart and be limp
here she said her parents bought this
place out of just hindsight just random
just bored one day helping a friend and
now she might have found her calling
yeah let's try this though okay so I
don't know what kind of fish this is
might be trout bass white
fish wow that's tasty but it's really
weird the outside's very strong and hard
and the inside's just like mush but it
still has good flavor which is
interesting I'm just not sure I'm loving
that texture I saw her she battered it
herself right yeah wow I don't think the
fish is that good though this is the one
I'm not a huge stand of yeah I mean we
really carried this video this place has
carried it with a lot of great items and
even this item has its qualities that
are great like the batter of the fish
the onion rings let's try these Hush
Puppies those are good too sl Sweet nice
yeah I'm going to say it man this place
is pretty good so we're going to get
home and we're going to create the
rating for this place so% let's get the
check and let's see what this all cost
us all righty folks we are back home and
it is time for us to create that rating
but first how do you feel I feel good
40-minute drive home I feel great too so
that is something to consider now let's
get into it and let's start creating
that rating my man go for it I'll start
so I was the first to review and I left
a four star this is what I said great
bar with great food and people brand new
owners are awesome and are definitely
killing it on the grill just got home
and I can honestly say I'd be back the
food was on point for it being bar food
it most definitely had great flavor the
Smash Burger was my fav so delicious and
juicy my mouth is watering just thinking
about it also very reasonable pricing
for food and for
drinks all right I left a five star and
this is what I wrote was not expecting
such good food coming out of this little
bar super cozy little dive bar with fun
games like darts and pool I had the
buffalo chicken wrap cheeseburger fried
jalapenos and fish basket and I can say
that burger and wrap was insane we'll de
Drive the 40 minutes from Nashville any
day of the week posted all right so
there's our reviews leaving this
business with a four and a half star
rating just right off the bat the reason
I left a four- star instead of a five
star is because a five star is like
perfect everything has to be absolutely
perfect and it was good don't get me
wrong but five stars like that's a reach
she was a one woman show she cooked
everything she was handling her business
she knew how to cook this are new ways
of clapping I I just let's give it up
for her what what we that Jennifer movie
yep it's quieter and it's less uh
aggressive anyways guys there you have
it I hope you guys enjoyed this create
the rating if you want more hit the
thumbs up comment down below pick up the
merch Brant taylor.com and until next
time I'll see you guys later peace oh
wait by the way by the time you're
watching this there's a new song out
right now called hated go stream it
check it out all right peace remember
what I said a long time ago told you you
could stay but then I let you go haven't
talked in a while I've been far from
home you been lonely without me I know
everybody want to say something