before you set foot here in Italy you
may want to know just how much the
restaurants differ from your country
we're going to do one of the best things
you can do here in Italy eat in this
video I'm going to show you how Italians
feast and some things that may shock you
we're going to go over the different
courses learn some useful phrases and
the minute details of reservations and
yes we're going to talk about tipping
now let's go I'm hungry
[Music]
as you may already know Italians they
spend their days differently it's not
possible to get an early dinner say at
five or six pm like you may be used to
in your home country no and if you're
worried you're going to be hungry at
that time I suggest you get a solid
lunch and you lunch times are usually
from 12 to 3 P.M and dinner times well
they go from say 7 PM all the way
sometimes to 11 30 or midnight so those
are your hours in this case here I
booked Us in at 12 noon one of the
earliest slots I could get at this place
shower Galaxy
so my friends here have already brought
us the menus and it may seem daunting at
first it looks different than what you'd
see say in the United States where
there's typically three different
courses you have your appetizer your
entree and a dessert now here you'll
have a Primo SE condo Dolce which is
your dessert you have a contorno and
also you'll have an antipasto which is
your appetizer as well and also up on
the wall there they'll have usually a
menu Del Giorno a menu of the day listed
or the day's plates listed and sometimes
I'll bring two menus out and there'll be
a second menu with the wines listed and
in some restaurants it's this big thick
book-like thing of all these wines
listed now don't worry you don't have to
eat every course that's listed on the
menu here no no no just pick and choose
which ones you want or yeah why not eat
every one of them and that's what we're
gonna do today
oh
today Pastor Primo secundo contorno
Dolce is
foreign
ER has already arrived
we're getting into it this is some
Tuscan prosciutto a great way to start
your lunch now I want to talk about
drink typically in the U.S when you sit
down at a table they'll bring you out
water right away it's free it's usually
included and they'll keep bringing out
water all the time in Europe and yet
here in Italy it's different when you
sit down they're not going to bring you
water right away and when you're ready
for water you need to ask them in this
case they brought us water from the tap
and the phrase for that is aqua Del
rubineto or aqua filtrata and that's the
case of this now they'll also offer you
different bottles you can get rizante or
Aqua Senza gas so farzante is aqua
sparkling water
aquacenza gas is aqua natural a natural
water still water so those are the
phrases you need to consider when you
want your water what Marco did what most
Italian places will do is they'll bring
you some some some bread right away when
you sit down down and now the bread
they'll always put it down on the table
when you sit down keep in mind though
you're going to pay for that at the end
and I'll get into that why you'll pay
for that now if you don't want bread you
can let them know and have them hold it
not bring it but I don't know why you
wouldn't want some of this deliciousness
but let's talk about the ice because
it's not a big thing here in Europe
typically the United States you'd always
get ice with your drinks a lot of ice
well here if you order a soda they'll
bring it out to just cold not with ice
so you need to ask for ice if you want
it now keep in mind there's sodas
they're not Fountain sodas there are
sodas that are kept in a refrigerator in
cans or small bottles and when they
bring them out so if you need ice the
phrase for you is gyacho por favor ice
please
and with that they'll bring out a little
glass next to the can of cola with a few
cubes in it don't expect many let's talk
about the wine if you get a bottle of
wine I recommend you try the different
wines from the different areas you visit
Italy do that also the house ones are
typically wines from the region if you
go the house wine how do you say you
want a quarter of the house wine or
something well a quarter liter you say
cuarto vivino and Vino Rosso red wine or
Vino Bianco white wine on the wine menu
you'll also see in this case roses rose
wines and also sparkling Prosecco wines
which are great sparkling wines from up
in the north in vinato and the valdo
biagine area also on the wine menu
you'll see your beers listed
how you say a beer please
and also in there you'll see the other
items now unlike in the United States
mixed drinks aren't a big thing you can
order Negroni or Spritz before dinner
but don't expect to come here and order
a cocktail like a gin and tonic at an
Italian restaurant
[Music]
thank you
[Music]
here comes the Primo and I think it's a
good time to talk about the different
plates you're going to have the
different courses you're going to have
in Italy this is a pre-mode that's your
first course but what you get before
that is an antipasto an appetizer so we
have antipasto first course a Primo
second course sekondo you can have a
side dish which is called a contorno and
then also which is self-explanatory
dessert which is appeared called in
Italy Dolce now antipasto that's usually
a dish that people share it can be cold
cuts it can be some sliced up vegetables
although that's more like a contorno
torno are usually your vegetables and
for the concona today we got a side dish
of spinach now for your first courses
it'll be pastas it'll be result though
that
very good Italian rice or it could be
something like a soup a second course a
secundo that'll be meat or fish and then
yeah dessert and we'll get into that
it's pasta
cooked to perfection in fact only in
Italy can you get it like this that's
the other advice don't come here
expecting those Americanized dishes like
the pasta primavera or the chicken
parmigiana or fettuccine alfredo you're
not going to find those here in Italy so
don't bother asking for those but what
you are going to find are these local
dishes so every region every Province
will have its particular dish in this
case it's rigatoni from the local town
of emperuneta so it's their impuneta
sauce with this rigatoni pasta in Rome
you'll get the pasta carbonara or the
amartijana here in Florence besides a
place like this you'll get the
Fiorentina up in the north in Milan
you'll have plates like the risotto
Milanese which have great rice with the
creamy zafaron sauce we're gonna have a
look in the kitchen behind the scenes
View
Italian kitchen now
they do a lot of work in a small space
and here they're picking up the result
though
risotto with Lampard so this is my
particular Florence dish land product of
course that's one of the stomachs of a
cow so if you're not into
the stomach while they don't go with the
risotto Lambert does though and look
right here this is you know you're in a
kitchen in Florence when you see one of
these big guys just take me for that's
the bisteka Fiorentina and it's cooking
up there on the grill okay
so we're looking at 1500 grams of just
perfect steak right there perfect beef
here you see the sauces for the pastas
he's thrown in some wow
[Music]
man yeah great let me see
wiggle great
I just got a new subscriber here in the
kitchen thanks guys thank you
thank you if you get a chance when
you're at an Italian restaurant asked to
see the kitchen and the inner workings
because it really gives you an
appreciation of the love that Italians
have for their food and they're they're
cooking it up back here just took a
break there from eating let's talk about
how Italians eat and what they eat
obviously they don't sit down every day
and have a antipasto Primo secondon
Dolce they don't do that every day
although you can and they sometimes do
when you're here visiting I suggest you
do it just indulge what they'll
typically do and what I'll typically do
is mix and match and so you may sit down
you can get an antipasto an appetizer
mixed with a secundo or if you want just
order a plate of pasta get a primo and
maybe a dessert afterwards or if you
want to sit down and just order sekondo
a second dish a meat or a fish plate you
can do that too so however you want to
mix and match feel free to do so and if
you want to order the whole menu also do
that also keep in mind that the plates
they'll come one after another they
don't bring all those plates out at one
time and it's rare that you'll find here
in Italy like you could see in the
United States that you see a combination
plate where they pile different things
on one plate they don't typically do
that in fact when you eat in Italy it's
a slow process so just sit back and
relax I want to talk a little bit about
substitution because oftentimes in the
United States if you don't like certain
ingredients you can ask for one to be
pulled out of the menu item and
substituted with another well here in
Italy you can't do that maybe they'll
take out a certain ingredient if you're
allergic to it or something but they're
not going to switch things up don't
expect to get a pasta a la carbonara
with chicken instead of pork it just
ain't gonna happen here so this is our
second course our secondo dish and they
just brought out our Contour no our side
dish with it as well and this is some
spinach that's been prepared to go along
with our second course as you may have
noticed eating in Italy it's a slow
Affair it's not what you'd see in the
United States where it's a fast in and
out business where they're trying to get
through as many customers in one evening
as they can to maximize their profits
here it's a slow pace one dish and you
may wait another 10 20 minutes before
that next dish comes out in fact when
the last dishes are cleared and the
waiter pulls them away he may not even
automatically bring the bill you may
have to ask for the bill to come to the
table afterwards they're just not in a
hurry here if you guys are enjoying
these videos please hit that Thumbs Up
Down Below also make sure you subscribe
if you haven't already and just to let
you know I'm putting on a regular
newsletter via email that you can sign
up for travel tips and hacks and all
sorts of other information there's a
link down in the description to sign up
for that also down in the description
I'll leave the location of this
restaurant if you're interested in that
uh just interrupt this video for one
second to let you know about the Italy
Insider guide that I put out so you can
download it have it in your pocket
offline when you're traveling around
this country everything you need to know
about getting to and from Italy hotels
airbnbs things like carrying cash and
how you're going to connect to the
internet there's a link to download it
in the description below I didn't talk
about when you come to a restaurant to
sit down well you're going to ask table
for one table for two table for four so
how you say that is you say
um
so the phrase is
and then you say your number one two or
three Uno due and then
and then you have a seat
whatever
foreign
for the last course and that's the Dolce
the dessert course in Italy again in
every little region you can find the
different courses here they have the
kentuchi which are these hard kind of
cookie biscuits that you'll only dip
into a sweet liquor but it's not my
preferred thing so I went with the pear
and chocolate but do whatever you like
just ordered a coffee to go along with
my dessert often in Italy they'll bring
out what's called a d just Evo and
that's sometimes free they'll offer to
you on the way out the door it could be
something like a limoncello or other
sorts of digestive drinks in Italy
they're very big on these strong alcohol
digestive drinks at the end of the meal
they say it helps settle your stomach
you've had a big lunch or dinner of
drinking wine I'm not sure if it'll help
or hurt you to have another little shot
of strong alcohol after your meal so you
decide how you want it but if they offer
up a sweet lemon cello hey why not just
drink it
foreign
[Music]
what's your favorite dessert let me know
down in the comments mine has always
been dark chocolate and dark chocolate
mixed with pear like this
it's a good combination you want some
if they bring a d just Devo it'll
typically come after the dessert or as
your pain on the way out of the
restaurant
[Music]
this is a perfect kick perfect punch
that's the end of a nice lunch
thank you
[Music]
crouching the tail yeah
[Applause]
[Music]
good and Mateo was so friendly in there
throughout the whole lunch as well
eating in Italy well it's inexpensive
especially to the United States or other
parts of the world it's quite a bargain
now what I recommend when you're up
there when you get the receipt don't
throw down your credit card or your Euro
cash right away make sure to look over
the different items and yeah sure enough
we were charged the right amounts going
down the list also he didn't even charge
us for the bread or the cervicio and
that's what I want to talk with you
about the bread that's a charge it's
usually two Euro and that's covered
within What's called the coperto the
cover charge or the cervicio the service
charge and don't expect if you're among
friends that you can split the bill in
two or threes they don't do that here
they don't like to do that if you have
to do it well you can ask and they may
oblige and another thing I want to talk
about is of course the Tipping and what
we call here La Mancha it's not a word
that's used very much especially when
you talk about dinner or lunch like we
had here today we don't tip in Italy or
in Europe that's a U.S thing they take
tips because they're used
they're used to the American tourists
here but don't feel like you have to tip
if anything throw down a Euro or two
Euro and call it a lunch but don't put
like a 10 or 20 tip we just don't do
that but just get to Italy Feast dine
Delight just get down and dirty and
enjoy your time here in Italy
thank you
foreign