hello everyone how is your day going
hope it's going fantastic today we have
an exciting new series happening today
we're doing a create the rating this
place right behind me just open not even
a day ago so we have a very exciting
episode of creating new life choices I
just created that right now anyways this
is a 24 hour hot chicken and waffles
place I am super excited to try it is
not a huge fan of fried chicken but you
know what this place might change my
mind before we go in there I just want
to introduce myself my name is Brendon
Taylor this is my brother Jake behind
the camera this is my friend Billy and
let's go in here and let's try this
place out so how this is gonna work
we're gonna go in there order our fruit
eat it enjoy it and then we're gonna hop
over to Yelp and we're gonna leave this
place a review and it has to be a real
review exactly how we feel about this
place so it could be a one-star or it
could be a five-star or it could be
anywhere in between so let's get in
there and let's find out
I think this 20 cool hot chicken and
waffles so maybe it might not be at
where everything we're gonna find out
let's roll it this place is open we
noticed that 24 does that mean it's
24-hour 24/7 oh so it's not a 24-hour
day down and then we're gonna try to
a.m. on the weekend but we are expecting
long lines the features
okay what would you suggest for a
first-timer hi
as two favorite here chicken and waffle
the port and the time
I'm gonna tell you why tell me why I
wish when you eat the chicken breast
it's super dry right yeah
when you queue I just hope this chicken
actually is what you say okay there's a
profit they're gonna promise or
money-back situation yeah you can't play
with us there's five items oh there's
only five items so I've always wanted to
say this I did it once in the patch but
let me get the whole left side of the
menu first things first let's talk about
the prices and the menu options there's
not a lot of options but you do get a
lot of options and sauces and flavoring
and how hot something is gonna be which
is which is cool because if you're like
in an adventure eater and you want to go
super hot I like how they name things
like video this because it's literally a
ghost pepper if my memory serves me
correct a ghost pepper is 1 million
Scoville units which is hot so even
eating these wings she said you're gonna
be sweating are you ready for that I'm
kind of cool today burn my jacket
something yeah all right my biggest
thing that is already like putting me
kind of like about this place is that
there's no sides included with like even
with the half chicken we kind of thrown
in one side like I'm good at that
you bet right in people's topping yeah
that that's a little kind of message you
are paying like $10 and above for each
item you don't really get anything but
the item it's a little sad but you know
what the restaurant is new they're still
trying to figure things out and maybe in
the future they might switch up and
start adding things to the actual meal
so it's more of a meal hope the food has
arrived that was pretty quick thank you
so first things first we all have to
kind of try everything to really leave a
rating that we all believe is 100%
authentic so first thing first let's
start off with this chicken and waffle
combo that is a stunning little meal and
everything is super quick you notice how
fast everything came out you know always
good one meal order she was telling them
before this tip was right so they could
already start making them okay here we
go solution you guys ready one two
the waffle station waffles taste better
than the shape I agree
like this place is in hot chicken place
but that waffle was ten times better
than the chicken chicken was a little
dry to me really had a little spice but
it wasn't like there it wasn't like
juicy like that lady described it I
think it's best to try the chicken
individually and see what your psyche is
right now maybe it was that far so
exclude that you looks like this water
I'm gonna get a little chicken piece
like I don't think the way she described
it made my mouth water me eating it
soaked up all the water you know what I
mean I think the waffle is outstanding
but then again this place isn't in 24
Waffle House it's yeah waffle chicken
the chicken does have a very good brunch
it does it's it's writing and some good
batter as a Defen because I've tasted
stuff that it's like overly and we're
really battered stuff that's not really
like you buy frozen chicken nuggets and
they have like a very thin no crisp
layer to it this has the just enough
crunch mixed with the tender chicken
that it gives you that like satisfying
yeah like tasting you're like wow to
review this whole dish it's a perfect
balance of swayed from the waffle scent
of maples here mm-hmm
savory from the deep fried chicken and
the spice it's a good level up like oh
my god I need some water because my
mouth you know what this is missing them
it's missing instead of syrup it's
missing some sort of gravy to make its
southern yeah because this is a southern
restaurant if you noticed on the Yelp it
does say southern so you know something
creamy to bring it all together to give
it more flavor and juice because the
syrup is a sticky thing that's just
sweet you put them that's more flavorful
I think it would be like definitely she
made everything seem like 24 is gonna be
a good spice like it is a nice spice
it's a comfortable spice like I can eat
it comfortably and not be like you know
what I mean but at the same time it I
don't rate it as nearly her 80 so
initially looking at this here sandwich
it does come with some Cajun fries we
thought it wasn't gonna come with
anything but it did actually come with
it the bun is soft it's a little oily
but that's okay
we have pickles and we have this hot
male it's called comeback sauce never
heard that name before I think they
named it themselves
maybe because it makes you want to come
back for more I don't know haven't
tasted it yet but it also has some
coleslaw on the bottom and we got the
patty so I'm gonna take a bite goodbye
to pass it on don't chew until we all
get oh yeah no do see I think that this
sandwich here alone
will compete with sandwiches at
chick-fil-a because this is a restaurant
but it's a fast food restaurant so I
feel that the comparison to this would
be the spicy chicken sandwich at
chick-fil-a but I feel like this chicken
is a little bit better and I can do
taste the juiciness of this sandwich but
I also think the coleslaw and the sauce
inside of it really adds the juiciness
it cofell definitely had a big impact on
making
oh yeah but it was good I can see myself
like going here before ordering that
yeah it's just quick easy at dinner and
sighs ticket like I haven't
expect a big burger be a big chicken
like I'm used to take little patties
yeah so now we're moving on to the
chicken tenders these are jumbo chicken
tenders so I'm going to show you the
size of this this is the size of the
chicken tender so it is a generous size
you get four pieces piece of bread and
some pickles so with this we got one
below the hottest so this we're gonna
actually taste the spiciness and see if
this place is exactly how that lady
described it in the front because she
described it as super juicy and and just
about as hot as sweaty you know what I
mean so I'm gonna dip mine a little bit
just to get this kind of sauce here we
go see I think all the chicken and this
one is definitely a little spicier I
definitely feel my mouth heating up now
this is like the normal spice I was
saying I would say this is like a mild
or a medium anywhere else
it's got slight hints of heatless but
still not enough to make me go which is
making me think that these ghost pepper
ones aren't gonna be that hot because
this is right below that and I can't
imagine them being a huge drastic change
in heat definitely thinks the crunch is
good but I don't think it's juicy as she
says she's she claimed that like this
was like the best chicken and it's the
juiciest chicken I can't agree with that
it's good but it's still not like how
she extract described it aside from an
Australian point of view so for me this
is big compared to what we had back home
but I can tell I can I understand what
you're saying about the chicken being
dry
the crunch outside the crunch is great
yeah don't get me wrong I'm not a huge
fried chicken either just because I like
to be a little bit healthier and go with
grilled chickens but I have had fried
chicken in the past and I know it is it
is decently good fried chicken yeah I
don't gonna take bites of it I guess my
level is this one I knew this one is uh
that same hotness
this one I'm not a big fan of and I
think it's because it's just like a hard
position to eat if there's just bones in
there so it's a lot harder to eat
especially when it's fried you don't
really know where the bone is so you're
kind of just taking a bite of something
it's a hit or miss it's definitely juicy
but it is juicier because it starts me
down so there's a lot more flavor in it
but like I don't think this would throw
me up or even get me near filled up if
I'm hungry it's so small you literally
get is a piece of white bread and the
the thigh of a chicken so there is a you
know okay amount of chicken on there but
I think I would need to order two of
those to actually even be remotely for
though this is other chicken looks got
bone we got bone basically everywhere
I'm gonna taste the chicken on its own
as if it was just not fried it is a
little bit slimy waste slimy er then the
chicken breast but that is because
there's more juicy flavors in this
rather than it being the white press
which is very like dry it is a little
bit more enjoyable at the same time it's
a lot more of a process you have to get
in there with your fingers to really rip
all the chicken a little bit because of
all the bones now it is time for the hot
these spicy the sweat and do sweets I
need to prepare myself and use the
restroom first you know what time it is
bathroom review time hit the bathroom
review and then we're gonna eat this
if this is Jake's
bathroom room you first often I open the
door before I did that didn't show I was
not sure if I was in like a closet or a
bathroom because there's a ladder right
in the middle my did this place just
opened yesterday or day before kind of
weird setup I'm just gonna plan out a
couple few things real quick say you
wash your hands here use the soap here
then you gotta walk all the way over
here down here and like look this is me
all the way down to grab a paper towel
throw it away I think that's a little
odd but at the same time like whoever
designed this just did a very bad job
another point on say you need to use the
restroom you need to do a number two you
they have seat covers for a reason but
the seat cover is way up here and then
you gotta like go down usually they have
them here you put it down just a couple
little pointers it is a little weird and
the poor is built for something being
open only two days and half stains and
gum on the floor stain just doesn't make
sense but let me give you a shot of this
all right let's get back to the food
refreshing I'm ready to go okay so here
we go to the hot to the spicy to the
sweat inducing ghost pepper chili
chicken these are chicken wings so it's
like a buffalo wing but it is just
initially fried and cooked in the hot
doze pepper it's not super juicy from
the outside like normal buffalo wings
would be so with that being said
everyone grab a wing and let's let's do
this huh it doesn't smell hot you know
like yeah you know when you smell
something really hot in your nose just
burns doesn't smell like that kind of
smells like battered chicken so here we
go that's hot
I believe finished chewy and it's there
that is Wow
bad idea um I'm gonna try to distract my
stomach oh my god you've done that one
my lips are burning waffle to pull it
down nothing's working man but employer
we'll be back after this short message
hello people of the Internet welcome to
brennentaylor com where we will have you
shopping until you're dropping click
this shop here button right here bring
you to this new page says join the
Taylor fam your merch today
hashtag Taylor family look at the
products we have we have smiley hoodies
we have so over at t-shirts we have the
signature bead t-shirts we have more
hoodies more shirts we have the food
porn stuff and keep in mind for this
weekend only we have 25% off that is
sales on sales on sales make sure you
click the link in the description join
that mailing list and be told whenever
we have brand new large enjoy the rest
of this video initially what are your
guys thoughts on the chicken mine is as
soon as this thing touched my lips it
started heating up and right when I bit
in is when it went
boom it went this is fired I don't know
if I could even enjoy something like
this because it's so hot because the
fact that it is so hot I can't even
really taste any of the flavors I think
all my taste buds got initially burnt
that I couldn't even taste that the
chicken was juicy or not hold my whole
brain in shock my whole mouth feels like
I just literally licked a hot piece of
metal and I cannot feel anything I also
think there's hotter wings than that oh
yeah now they're starting to cool like
cool down a bit now and I don't think a
ghost pepper would have the same
reaction is what we just had like I
think our faces would be bloodshot red
we will be sweating yes it was hot don't
get me wrong it is hot but I don't
believe that it is as hot and they say I
definitely pull a fire alarm it's like a
good heat level yeah it's not too hot
but it's you still feel but it still
could be too much for some people it
could be so if you're in the area and
you want to try this place out and see
which one is your favorite go ahead now
is the time that this whole series comes
round in circle we are gonna create our
own ratings for this place hopefully we
are the first reviews for this place
since it just opened yesterday but what
we're gonna do is we were gonna wait a
period of 45 to an hour before we do our
own rating so we can feel how this
really digests in our stomach because
there's times we go to a place we think
it's delicious and an hour later we're
crapping our brains out so we'll be back
in an hour to leave our reviews so now
is that time to leave our reviews good
or bad whatever it may be
let's leave these reviews shall we let's
do it nice staff very kind and helpful
the food is just met I think there's
potential but for me it's either you
nailed it first try or most likely I
won't return the chicken was dry but
that's probably because after they cook
it it sits on a heater for who knows how
long the spices were good but not all
that spicy even though they're named hot
chicken don't know if I'd return but
good try
and let's hope all right my time to
shine let's do this so I left three
stars as well I walked into a warm
welcome restaurant has been owned for no
longer than five days cashier was
friendly and was very good at describing
the food which left my mouth water
sadly the meal itself did not compare
there was five level of spices
three were below traditional media any
other wing or chicken spot the chicken
and waffles of my favorite meal and
that's because the waffle was the best
part
Christian area was cooked perfectly the
chicken though is dry and unflavored
full would not come back they should
have taken more time before they opened
it to perfect it all right I'm done
don't have me guys I left a four star oh
he must have really liked the place food
four star serve this five star selection
four star overall experience full star
service was amazing
the server greeted us and explained the
menu we decided to order everything on
the left side of the menu which was five
dishes when the food came out it looked
delicious the tenders and waffles were a
great combo the chicken thaw was
disappointing as it was too plain the
chicken sandwich wasn't real the wings
were hot AF overall though delicious the
chicken was drier especially for fried
chicken like crunchy nice review it
makes sense
so all in all those were our opinions on
the place if you want to judge it
yourself go ahead and go and do it
basically it was good but it wasn't it
was all right you know I mean and that's
just our opinions on it you know we all
have our own opinions so if you enjoyed
this video make sure you smash the
thumbs up let us know in the comments if
you want us to do this again I've seen
plenty of restaurants on Yelp that have
zero stars so let us know if you'd like
us to go and try it doesn't have to be
just food either we're interested in
trying different places so let us know
in the comment below and we will see you
guys next time we post peace out
love you stay awesome make sure you guys
check out yesterday's video and also
make sure you hit that subscribe button
right now and turn on post notifications
so you never miss a post follow me on my
other social medias and I'll see you
guys tomorrow Pizza help