[Music]
my favorite place on Earth traditional
markets and for 24 hours we are going to
eat our way through it showing you the
best Korean street food that you'll ever
find trust me on this I do this as my
job I did it again who told you that I
was finished fresh off the plane with a
new Manny Betty my hair stay late and
you know I get pid1
Bill give me cash I'm going to blow all
this okay I'm I'm want to start with the
hot do so what I really like about this
place is that they use a corn infused
dough so that's why it gets that kind of
like yellow Sheen so you can get two
flavors you can get either Savory or
sweet and the Savory version has chap
which is the Korean glass noodle filling
and then the other one the sweet one is
um cinnamon sugar and nut mix and it's
so good Kevin said that it's his
favorite dessert like ever and I think
it's one of my favorite desserts ever
too
[Music]
this one's the Savory one this is the
chap duck and this is the regular hook
duck look how beautiful and crispy and
yellow and golden it is it's pretty this
is the dessert that you have to try when
you come to Korea look at how flaky it
is it's actually like beautifully
caramelized it's like puffy as soon as
it like hits that oil it kind of like
puffs up and then you kind of press it
down like your childhood trauma it's
like it's salty and sweet it kind of has
like almost like a Teriyaki flavor these
are glass noodles and they're made with
sweet potato starch and what they're
really good at doing is just absorbing
juice and it makes the hook duck really
moist and flavorful there's like onions
there's carrots there's Chinese chives
and look how the dough is just so light
and Flaky and
fluffy I'm going to try the sweet
version where is
it also super crispy and and you can see
kind of like the Sesame that's like
embedded in the dough I'm expecting a
burst of brown sugar and nuts to explode
in my
mouth M super crispy a punch of cinnamon
brown sugar sunflower seeds black sesame
seeds you know I'm kind of sad that I'm
on gatekeeping this place because this
is kind of like my spot and it's like a
perfect perfect dut perfect
dut it has the crispiness of a waffle
but the softness of like a pancake or a
woman's
touch now that we had something sweet
I'm in the mood to get something more
Savory this is dried
squid this is corn cakes and then this
is like mugw cake also those temp look
so
good so the thing with like cre Korean
fried food is that we are the nation of
double frying like anything other than
pastries is like always double fried one
it's like actually time effective like
you can fry in advance and just like
heat it up and it's like crispier and
better so it's like smart and time
effective so I just asked for like $5
worth of fried food and this is how much
he gave you know what makes me happy
when like oil seeps out of paper this is
when my heart starts beating
ASMR
time I don't have the long acrylics to
do it though wow it's hard to get the
veggie temper right because you can't
have too much dough or else it becomes
too doughy and it's not crispy so
there's like onion there's sweet potato
carrots and a little bit of perilla as
well crispy sweet imagine just like
stuffing sweet potato fries and onion
fries all in one bite okay so this is a
squid M it's not fresh squid it's
actually dried squid that they
rehydrated we love chewy food in Korea
but I prefer like Italian style Camari
just for this onewe shm shrimp well
shrimp is good shrimp is really good
very sweet juicy and tender the pepper
this is what I'm talking about so this
is K it's a stuffed
pepper so inside is also stuffed with
glass noodles it's good but I think I
would have preferred like a meteor or
like a tofu feeling for sure well I
don't know which one this is long and
skinny though so me
likey M it's strey the imitation crab
meat actually really good too sweet
potato fried sweet potato what I like
about this is that kind of chokes
you uhhuh
honey it's like the same throat feel as
peanut butter sandwich it's kind of like
it hurts but in a good way this is
kimari and we love to dip it into toi
sauce but look at how beautiful this fry
is like a good fry looks like it has
eczema M it's like crunchy but also
spongy inside very yummy my favorite out
of all of them definitely the tempora
one it's really hard to get that crispy
texture without it being too dense and
like holding together like if I lived
around in this area I would buy just
like a bunch of tempora make a little
like soy sauce action and just drizzle
it over rice and like that would be a
great meal of its own and this is so
cheap like all this like it could feed
like three people for
$5 it's my
clutch that's a whole baby and she's
doing it without hands too it's really
cold and my hands and my feet my flanges
are freezing so let's go eat
some
[Music]
[Music]
yeah this is Korean facial 101 this is
how we retain good skin it's hot broth
opens up your
pores okay we have ch which is pig
Trotters we have takar which is boneless
chicken feet and we
have which is pork intestine soup this
is the
[Music]
soup
you want to adjust the saltiness to your
level I am definitely going to add a
little bit of fermented shrimp sauce a
little bit of kukaru in as well Korean
red pepper flake I'm just start with a
little
bit we also have to put Garlic
in
oh
my more
garlic you want to put the rice in right
you want to shake it to release it from
its
cages like
[Music]
this and you can also do something like
this oh
nothing happened
nothing this is called cook pop c means
soup and then pop means rice right and
the pot that they serve it in is a earth
andwar stone pot and it's really thick
so it retains heat for a very long time
so that the soup stays warm like
this
some of
this
in this dish is actually really
customizable so this has um something
called a wild Pilla powder called tiu
and it adds a bit of kind of like earthy
tones to the C like that
beautiful and you can see all the
corilla seed powder rising to the top
think of is kind of like a blank canvas
and you start layering and adding things
to what you like and you can really
cut and this
is and that's the same green pepper
that's
just is Ultimate wintertime food okay
let's take a bite oh this is a big
[Music]
boy so this is takar It's boneless
chicken feet
I much prefer this to bone in because
it's just so much easier to
eat spicy and it's all in the texture
she grilled it over the charcoal fire
because it kind of makes the skin even
more taut and has that like really nice
smokiness from the sauce I
want that's hilarious Mini so it's a
smaller Pig troter I like the smaller
ones because smaller means there's more
surface
area and the reason why you eat pig
troter is all for that collagen outside
and you need to use your hands for this
one it's chewy and salty and fatty and
the beauty of it is just like
maneuvering through the bones finding
just the right amount of
meat
that broth really warmed me up and now I
feel so energized to keep eating more
this is work okay this is strictly for
work I don't usually eat this
much oh look at this so this is like a
panchan shop and you can kind of like
pick and choose all these like Korean
side dishes which is really nice so a
lot of people who live alone they would
come to these punchan shops and just buy
a couple side dishes this for real is
how like korean's meal prep oh and look
at how pretty that egg is
[Music]
too they're making freshly pressed
sesame oil which is super cool to see
it's kind of smells like a Coffee
Roastery almost
wow
[Music]
wow
oh they using the old um calendar to
wrap
it look at the people just
you meet your friends you hang out
strolling around what's going to be good
for dinner tonight and it's just fun
like you just don't see this much in big
cities anymore if you watch my shorts
you probably seen this because we're at
the infamous Hony kot toast kot
literally just translates to the street
so it means like street style toast if
you're Partners being a hoe male or
female to the kod you go is what how you
say it
[Music]
for
the layers on this is crazy you get like
the cheesy top the ham that's like
slightly roasted and the margarine The
Omelette with the juicy cabbage that's
sweet and caramelized and that kind of
adds as like a moisture bomb which is
what I love love love about this place
they understand that a sandwich needs
moisture if you don't like the word
moist fight me because you need to grow
up I said this before but I would
consider this a diet food because it's
basically a warm salad with egg which is
good for protein
so this place definitely is really
special though because it's um two
generations they started off with like a
really like small cart
so many dogs you can really feel that
like who is not having children because
it's just dogs everywhere you don't
really see like human babies anywhere
yeah but this place is really special
because it's like two generations it
started off as a little like side alley
cart um with this like Harmony which
translates to grandmother so it means
like grandmother toast and uh she passed
away so she gave the recipe to her
daughter-in-law who's um making it right
now and she's from
Vietnam
so inside there's ketchup mustard and
sugar I know that the sugar part is kind
of weird for some people but it kind of
tastes like sweet egg omelette like
almost like custardy feeling to it and
the cabbages add a really nice bite and
like texture to The Omelette making it
thick you know you don't want a egg
sandwich it's like thin and just like
scabby looking this is thick and moist
and juicy and big which makes it so like
appetizing also definitely a messy food
though do you see why I love this market
so much it's filled with Unique Eats and
kind people you can see also here that
this is a beloved local joint like the
patrons have been coming here for 10 20
years and it's nice to see a local eery
just filled with so much
love
we've only explored half of the market
so we're going to cross the street and
see what's up on the other side I feel
like when you visit Korea you have to
visit one of these markets like the
cafes are cute but this is where the
locals go
[Music]
too so much food
huh now that I had some egg toast I want
to get something spicy again so I'm
going to get some toi and the P place
here is actually really good it's quite
famous also they've been open for like
20
years it must be the cold weather but I
can eat and eat and
eat do this to make sure there's no
splinters
Tui 3001 which is like
$219 so the DOI here these big juicy
white rice
cakes it's so good it's like not too
spicy either I don't know why us Asians
like chewy and sticky texture but
there's really just nothing like it like
everything is made fresh like you have
so much local produce that you can just
step outside your door and can cook with
like guaranteed almost everything in
this market it's just so good like I
haven't had an unsuccessful meal in this
market market and I can also get kind of
picky
[Music]
sometimes so I got a pum bom and Puma
translates to koish and so this is our
koish bread and you can get it in two
flavors Sho cream or red bean
filling I like to eat like tail first
because it's crispier on the
bottom so warm and custardy if you want
to catch a Korean Opa you just start
making these you'll be able to catch
them like fish it's like koi fish if it
got
gutted
good though I think our egg bread is
ready right
[Music]
now I told him that I was going to buy
all the egg bread here and he was like
today's yield is this I never never knew
how they made these before like I didn't
know when you crack the egg you mix it
and it kind of creates this like sheen
on top because like some of the custard
and the sugar Rises and it caramelizes
and bruet oh fancy word brulee so the
bottom layer is sponge cake and then the
top is egg it almost smells like pastel
donada like one of those like Portuguese
egg Tarts mixed with like the sweet
custard bread on the bottom and the
salty egg it has that like weird in
between of sweet and savory but works
and has this like roasted flavor this is
delicious oh yeah those are
[Music]
animal what's different about Korean
corn versus like American corn is that
these corn it's not like sweet corn
where it's sweet it's more starchy and
gluttonous and it also has a chewy
texture chewy and sticky almost it
almost tastes like creamed corn
texture it's good M I actually love
cream
corn this what Asian love looks like oh
it's so
hot super fluffy and you get this by
like slow roasting it on like hot coals
or Stones like the low roasting process
really maximizes and brings out all the
sugar and caramelizes the
outside this just like candy you can
also see some of the sugar that's like
crystallized here that's what's burning
my hands right
[Music]
now wow it's so gorgeous it's like me
yellow and golden and steaming I am
stuffed to the brim and now that we got
all these nice goodies from him I'm
going to eat the rest at home and a warm
blanket before we head out for some
more this is a market that's like 10 15
minutes walk from kuang Jang market and
it's called shinin market and this
Market focuses on one thing and one
thing only and that is intestines all
the street has cow intestine Pig
intestine and we love to stir fry it and
some Kang and Karu and some garlic
because why we're crean babe watch up oh
messing with my audio here huh look at
the vibe around this place like
everyone's eating outside just slurping
away some intestines it's fun this is
the place to come if you're drunk and
you want something fatty and chewy and
spicy it's right here this is pig
intestines and she is just kind of like
stir frying it it's been parboiled so
that some of that scum and the extra
oiliness is out and I ordered the yach
Chang which translates to vegetable
intestine stir fry and it has leaks
onions
cabbage she just asked if I
eat spicy and that's MSG some kukaru
which is Korean chili flakes and the
spicy sauce this is going to be the
secret sauce for her stir fry recipe and
every restaurant is going to have their
own take on their sauce and this is
perilla leaves you can think of this
kind of as like our cilantro this has
like this like herbaceousness very
similar looking to Japanese shiso but
it's more earthy and it comes from
perilla seed
powder
glass noodles and they're going to add
some more volume and help absorb the
sauce even better and the oil
[Music]
too
but already the smell of the Pilla is
really really nice it's like earthy
there's like something about eating
outside during the winter that makes
food taste even more delicious I don't
know if it's the steam I don't know if
it's the cold that you're like burning
the calories that makes you hungry for
like greasy food but this I'm like way
too excited about look at
that gorgeous
okay I'm just going to have one on its
own salty sweet spicy with a little bit
of MSG to really get the Umami going
this is what Korean street food is all
about W so
delicious and if this wasn't enough
sauce she gives a little extra on this
side too we have a very big culture of
eating outside sitting around this like
round aluminum table we just eat and eat
and eat and drink and until the night
ends so Sam is just whatever parcel of
veggies to deliver food into your
mouth all the ladies are just like cat
calling the guests hey lady hey pretty
lady come here I can make you some good
food she's good this one that's how she
got us too like we didn't we weren't
looking for a particular place her
prerogative now is to get us out as fast
as possible for the next
guest this is Korean math not girl math
Korean math now you can see all the oil
oozing out from the intestine and that
kind of gives it that like really like
creamy texture and like mouth feel if
you're scared of trying something like
intestines think of it as like chicken
skin is nothing weird like you eat all
the different parts of the pork why not
eat the intestine it comes from the same
animal if you really say that you love
food it's something that you should try
at least once if you don't like it well
don't yuck my
[Music]
yum time for some
Soju My Lens my precious
lens sorry
dues that was bitter this got me in the
mood to eat more and drink more this is
like appetizer you want to go drinking
and eating with the Korean we don't just
like go to One restaurant and Order
appetizers Ms and desserts we go to like
three four five different places and end
up in a karaoke in the middle of
nowhere let's
go
[Laughter]
most 45 years she's been
open she's seen some shit like there's
there's one intestine place that does
well the whole street ends up becoming
an intestine
Street onto our next spot one of the
beauties of going to these like old
traditional markets is just like people
watching you're going to see so so many
like interesting characters that you
wouldn't really see these types of
places are my favorite like the places
where it's a supermarket but then they
also allow you to just like sit down and
like eat whatever you pick off from the
counter you can get like fried spam and
like instant Ramen and like chips with
some beer on the side and it's like
super cheap but also just like super
[Music]
fun
[Music]
this is Kevin's long johns he was like I
have a very extra long underwear you
should
wear shit shit shit shit shit shit open
the door open the door for him come on
come on faith in humanity
restored we're here in front of Korea's
most underrated Market I'm just kidding
it's t as fuck but if you come around
like 7:40 like a little before 8 it's
not as packed these days like pong
Market is impossible to get in without
being squished like a little bean sprout
but there's a reason why it's so famous
let's go you got an attitude but that's
your style maybe if I could get up in
your latitude somehow then we could put
the pass back where it belongs for
now trying to find the beef tartar
street it's been a hot minutes since
I've been in
[Music]
here this is a place we need to go to
see not a long line during weekends you
have to wait like 2 hours this is Korean
beef tartar it was on the Michelin bib
Gourmand and it's dressed in sesame oil
sugar and a little bit of soy sauce and
Korean pear and crowned with an egg Yol
and it is one of my favorite bites to
get here in quangang
market so the thing that you need to try
here is definitely the beef Tartar and
they have an option of adding like live
octopus that's
still squirming that like a lot of
people would get freaked out by are you
ready for this I don't know if you've
been able to catch on to a common theme
throughout Korean food is that we like
things chewy texture is a very very big
part of Korean food and the reason why
we have live octopus like this is
because we like the sensation as well as
it's a little sweet and the bite to it
is really really nice there like eight
people each year that die from
affixation from uh live ocopus in
Korea
delicious I mean the most important fact
with
bear is using good quality sesame
oil Raw on Raw on Raw it's how I like it
on my plate and in
bed actually really
good it's like fresh Fred sesame oil is
coming through a little bit of brown
sugar I didn't really like beef tartar
when I was
younger but now I
do end of story
I didn't like the fact that it didn't
taste like anything but that's like what
I keep craving when I get older wow I
sound really old now like I crave like
Taste of the ingredients easier on the
gut IBS unit like the radish soup here
is also so bomb because it's like all
the leftover beef and then you make soup
with it and radish during the winter is
always the best
sweet tastes like fall according to AJ I
stole all your
lines
clean bow
Club
fuck you know what I'm the happiest when
I'm done eating and there's a
line now that we got something raw we
need to coat our stomach with more fat
that's how things work around
here
these are all heated it's like they have
like electric padding underneath
[Music]
[Music]
see she's making a little bowl for the
ramen and she's going to just cook it in
the tin
[Music]
foil oh they're like regulars to her
place for 15 years yeah and the the
table next to them just turned 20 pretty
amazing this is eastate
b42 oh
[Music]
comes the ramen here is what caught my
eye I have never seen this technique if
the French has unot which means to cook
in wax paper you know like fish we have
an aluminum foil and we cook
ramen you got to put it into the paper
cup first and then you get the broth and
then spoon the broth on top so that you
can sip on it and I'm going to try and
find a little cooked oyster in there too
as our little garnish the oysters just
add another dimension to the ramum it
has a tiny bit of the brininess from the
sea makes it so so good
wow and the ramen isn't even on the menu
this is only for the VIPs and I'm not a
VIP I just I just round out because
those guys over there were having and I
was like I want that please a smart fat
ass is always alert of its
surroundings the Chive pancake very
green kind of looks like brass cuting
made into a pancake has like that
herbaceousness M soy pickled onions
they're sweet they're a little
sour they're salty what kind of cuts
away some of the oiliness from the
fritters that's a nice really crunchy
texture too and I ordered the assortment
and she just like used her scissors to
cut up everything C people we love
scissors that's like the one utensil
that we will use in the kitchen that's
so underrated in the rest of the world
like I don't know why people find it so
weird to use scissors when cutting meat
or cutting anything it's precise it's
easy and this is the mung bean pancake
it's ground up mung beans with a bit of
bean sprout and bound with egg and flour
the star of the show is definitely the
ramen
she's saying that her closing hours are
1:00 a.m. but her regulars are saying
it's 4:00 a.m. so test your
luck and with Chon you need to have
moli moli is the drink to drink when
you're in Korea feel like when most
people think about Korean alcohol it's
always
soou but no this is the drink of Koreans
you can kind of think of it as almost
like unfiltered sake it comes from rice
and it's fermented I like to drink the
first Sip unshaken and it's clear like
this so that you can kind of taste like
the essence of
it now after you taste that fresh Crema
creem moli you want it creamy and you
want to mix it up really well and it's
going to get this like almost cream soda
consistency look now it's going to be
opaque and that's because the starch
from the rice gets mixed evenly and it
gets that milky
white a little bit of carbonation on the
tongue a little sweet not super
alcoholic just the right amount of
bitterness that keeps making you want to
drink more and more and more and it's
perfect to have with some fatty fatty
food man I love street food and there's
so much of it too it's not just one
thing you can get anything on the
[Music]
streets 9:05 still very much alive all
of these Stu dolls are open until like
1:00 a.m. a lot of people think that
Quang Jang Market they think of it as
almost like a farmers market so they
come during the day and they think that
it's like only a daytime thing but
actually the real time to come is at
night because there's nobody not many
tourists and it's just old drunk dudes
having a blast they're still selling
Twisted Donuts on that way let's
go the line usually goes all the way
over there like all the way to the end
over there this is
[Music]
nothing all for
me so this is guabi which means to be
twisted it's a twisted Korean doughnut
Origins are from China actually it's
like our rendition of the Chinese guo
that became this almost like a fried
Brios donut it's a fluffy yeasted dough
and what they do really well at this
place is the amount of cinnamon they put
a lot of cinnamon so it's really
aromatic and their dough is incredibly
fluffy I know this because I've eaten
that this place many of
times
M lots of air incorporated into the
dough which makes it incredibly fluffy
and not dense just the right amount of
gluten formation but it's really really
just like fighting into a pillow almost
that's coated in cinnamon sugar let's
put a smile on that
face
so this is sh it's a fermented rice
drink that's sweetened with rice brand
and that kind of makes it very
very like nutty sweetness it's called
Yen and you want to have it when it's
like kind of icy don't add the ice you
just freeze it so it has kind of like a
slushy like consistency think of it as
like Korea Boba instead of tapioca
pearls it's rice fermental
rice refreshing sweet naughty not overly
sweet it's really nice the most similar
comparison that I can make is sugar cane
juice it kind of has that like dark
sugar notes as well you know when you
come to Guang Jang Market it's not just
like the food stalls there's also stalls
that sell like traditional candy you can
also get like medicine they sell Viagra
here coffee they sell cockroach
repellants like you can find everything
this wasn't like a market that was built
for tourists it was one of the most
important markets in central Soul kind
of essentially like a shopping center so
yeah that was a whole full day of eating
Korean street food only at the
traditional markets and I hope you
enjoyed it the beauty of the traditional
markets is not only the food but you
also eat with your eyes there's so much
to see smell hear and the people that
are in the markets are really what makes
it special and this is where all the
locals come to eat real Korean street
food I hope you enjoyed this and I'm so
full and I'm going to pass out and get a
food
coma good night bye love you
toies
[Music]