in our last video we shown you what
$40,000 could get you for a day of
dining on a ship going to Antarctica
right here it says elegant refined and
enticing sounds like my Tinder profile
years ago this time we're showing you
how the cruise actually works how do the
Expeditions work so we've just started
our walk and right away we see about a
600 lb seal this looks like me after
going to an all you can eat buffet and
we'll be trying every single restaurant
on this ship including a restaurant with
unlimited Stakes where they actually let
you cook your own meat right now we're
headed to our first restaurant of the
day but before we go there let me
explain how the itinerary for a cruise
like this works first we started in
Minnesota then flew to Miami then flew
to Santiago Chile and spent the night
the next day we flew 4 hours to a small
Southern Chilean city called Puerto
Williams from here we finally boarded
the ship and the real journey could
begin all right guys welcome to the
first restaurant of this video it's
called the restaurant let's go ah lovely
a table here right by the ocean so
what's unique about this restaurant is
this is the only restaurant on the
entire ship out of four of them that
doesn't require a reservation before
coming and so actually I put off coming
to this restaurant for a long time cuz I
thought man if anybody can go here is it
worth going to you know what I mean
turns out it's amazing so I'm going to
look at the menu right now and pick out
a couple of things to show you what you
get at the restaurant that doesn't
require a reservation on this Antarctic
Cruise all right folks our first course
has arrived and I've got two appetizers
and you can do that here cuz you can do
whatever you want you can eat until you
have a heart attack then they just kick
you overboard and you become Chum for
the Sharks right here here we have
escalope of Fu Gua I think it's a fruity
base there's some bread on the side it
looks delicious give it a little bit of
a cut rip off some of this
bread let's try it again and there we go
the perfect bite
cheers the best part is you could get
this every day and you don't have to pay
more money now with the menu there is a
small section that changes every day and
they have tastes from different parts of
the world yesterday it was A Taste of
Thailand today it's a taste of Canada M
Canadian Cuisine right here we've got
seared scallops and maple candy bacon I
mean does it get any more Canadian than
that that is the maple bacon some
Tomatoes let's try it
[Music]
out Oh Canada we all know bacon is the
best friend of scallops but with the
Maple in there it's even more sweet even
more delicious this is a great start I'm
secretly going to order this three more
times in a row then get my main
course all right folks our main course
is right here another taste of Canada
maple glazed fillet of salmon lemon and
nut butter sauce mushy peas potato
Wafers where's the potato Wafers they
ran out of potato Wafers lettuce
removal oh yeah celery ooh is that
salmon or tuna what's happening right
now fet of
salmon I think my salmon became a tuna
but we're going to try it out
regardless
they juicy fresh delicious it doesn't
really have a tuna taste at all it
tastes very
meaty overall it's very tasty so this is
the restaurant but there's a lot more
more to see on this ship next what we're
going to do is a full tour of the ship
from bottom to top every floor let's go
right now we're on level three but level
three is closed at the moment this level
is used for getting off of the ship and
onto the zodiac boats for when we do a
landing on land now we have entered
floor four here they just have two
restaurants they have a restaurant
called theam we ate there in the last
episode this is the only restaurant
where you actually have to pay money in
order to eat there but then you also
have the
restaurant we've now come to the fifth
floor where they have a few different
shops starting with the boutique this is
a fancy way to say store I guess look
you could buy diamonds how's the diamond
shopping going today it's perfectly
fineing for you next on floor five we
also have the photo studio this is a
great place for people who are
interested in photography or getting
better at
photography to do photography I had too
much espresso next my favorite place to
go on floor five Dolce Vita this is a
cocktail lounge it's very classy they
have live music they have tons of
different cocktails and snacks excellent
place highly recommend now we're coming
up to floor number six this is the floor
that our suite is on but it also has
some other cool things too for example
they have reception they have the
Expedition desk where you can sign up
for things like kaying they have the
future cruises desk where you can sign
up for even more cruises and then they
have this back here this is the show
Lounge this is the place for lectures on
things like rocks and Penguins and the
best part is at the end of every day we
do a deep brief where we talk about what
happened that day and we talk about
what's going to happen the next
day and welcome to floor number seven
this place is home to the only Italian
restaurant on the ship La Tazo let's go
take a look Taza is Taza I don't want to
redo the thing where I come out of the
elevators can we we cool guys we cool
same
page not currently
open I see cooking happening hi how you
doing so this is the final restaurant
we'll be trying out in this video check
out this view from the
back holding gu guacamole am I right and
then right here you can see the zodiacs
getting some rest before the next
mission right out there you can see a
giant Iceberg and all day you just see
these things going by you it's really
unbelievable and quite breathtaking we
have only two floors remaining we're
coming up to floor 8 and there is a lot
of action here starting with this this
is the Panorama Lounge it's a good place
to get coffee tea there's a humidor
where you can smoke
cigars humidor and it has some of the
best views of any place on the boat just
across the Panorama Lounge we have this
this is the pool it is heated and there
are two jacuzzi one on either side
really amazing then just beyond the pool
we have another restaurant this place is
called the grill and they specialize in
meat that you grill at your table but
it's not Korean barbecue this is
something like Stone barbecue you're
going to see how it works next after
this tour I'm redoing
that un last we are going to the final
floor the ninth floor and this floor has
one of my favorite and most essential
things that I always need when I travel
and know it's on alcohol okay welcome to
the gym this place is highly important
if you want to double the amount that
you can eat and drink without gaining
way too much weight there's a walking
Track outside on this floor but you can
come here you can walk on this treadmill
and then this is your view more than
once I've been on this treadmill looking
out this window and I see whales coming
up in the other room they also have some
little weights and that's nice too so
they also have a spa and a salon as well
have you ever been on a ship and needed
a haircut this is the place in addition
to a haircut you can also get the most
expensive massage of your life costing
upwards of $300 so uh I've been self
massaging not like that this is my
second favorite part that is not food or
alcohol related the sa come take a
look okay it's a bit dark they also have
a steam room in here too so that is
almost everything there is one room that
remains the observation Lounge SL
Library this is a great place to quiet
down to reflect on your life to ask
yourself hey why did I pay that much for
this Cruise was it worth it do I to look
at my finances more closely to see if I
can actually afford this thoughts like
that let's be
[Music]
quiet this is probably the most chilled
out place of the entire boat they've got
a coffee maker you can get some tea
relax read and take in the amazing views
on the bow of the ship Al last this is
the highest point on the front of the
ship and that is the end of this tour
again it's not like a Carnival Cruise
Airlines uh boat
line again it's not a giant ship it's
not like Carnival where they pack 50,000
people onto a boat and it's not like
Carnival where if everybody flushed a
toilet at the same time it create a
tsunami it's about 600 people on One
boat and that's because this is an
expedition boat meant to go on specific
missions to difficult to get to places
The Voyage aboard the ship will last
about 2 weeks in total the first two
days are crossing the often rough and
shaky Drake Passage then finally we
arrive in Antarctica where we spend 4
days on day one we boarded a zodiac and
cruised around the icebergs in the
morning
then in the afternoon we climbed a hill
and walked among the chinstrap Penguins
I'm just touch down on my seven
continent cool wow this is a awesome
shop you go against the
[Music]
sun these little guys hop over 300 ft up
and down the mountain side whenever they
want to go hunting for fish in the ocean
these animals are incredible and they
don't care that we're here they give us
I don't either a warning call or a
welcoming but they don't have weapons
are teeth so not much they can do now
these penguins are short and a little
bit fat and I really wanted to pick one
up like a football but sadly they won't
let you do that even if you try to pay
them off from we just taking the sights
take a look at the Penguin and no eating
the penguin someday one
day on day two we went out in the
zodiacs again and this time as you can
see the weather is not so
[Music]
nice you know who doesn't care about
what's happening above water the whales
of which we spotted a
few on day three we were back in the
zodiacs to be honest we went on land a
lot less often than I was
hoping but on this day Fortune shined
bright as we entered a Cove absolutely
brimming with what the guides call whale
sup everybody hang on at least eight or
nine humpback whales roaming around and
putting on quite a
show being way out here in this
completely inhospitable place but seeing
these massive creatures thriving it was
a moment that made me Marvel at this
beautiful blue dot that we call
Earth on day four our final day we set
out to see loads of Gen 2 Penguins but
first let me back up and explain how
these excursions work first each night
in the show Lounge there's a brief where
they explain the plans for the upcoming
day including your call time right now
we're waiting for our zodiac number to
be called then we're going to head down
to level three to the mud room where we
finish getting
dressed zodiac ship B is ready to Embark
there it is let's go zodiac group one
you can make your way to deck three for
preparation for Dis embarcation Let's go
every time we go down into battle to not
overheat cuz we have three layers on
these huge pants that are waterproof
waterproof jacket waterproof gloves I
really look like I'm ready to go
discover a new continent hello good
morning right now we're entering the
mudroom and this is where they keep all
our boots so we don't have to keep them
in our room so now we're in line to get
to the Zodiac right here is my life vest
this is mandatory all right so we are on
the third floor this is where we exit
the ship onto our smaller boat but first
we got to scan out right down here you
can see the Zodiac and the views are
insane
already from here we set off for
Land once on land there are a lot of
strict protocols that must be adhered to
like staying on certain paths and not
getting closer than 15 ft to any of the
wildlife all right we are officially on
Shore this is very exciting cuz you
don't actually get to go on land every
day and when you do it only lasts about
maybe an hour hour and a half at most
and even then it's pretty regimented so
if you thought you going to come here
and be an Explorer well you're not but
there's still several cool things to see
right here whalebones there's a load of
whale bones here on the beach and what's
sad is they don't let you take them and
turn them into a coffee table at all you
actually can't even touch them legally
but they look magnificent on the hill
over here I see there are a load of Gen
2 penguins and we're going to be saying
hello to them soon but first we have to
get with our group so we've just started
our walk and right away we see about a
600 lb seal this thing is massive this
looks like me after going to an all you
can eat
buffet we've come up the hill right
behind me you can see hundreds of these
penguins they're so short compressed and
fat I love it sadly we cannot get that
close to them we're not in a zoo this is
where they actually live it's a real
natural habitat so to get to come here
and take a peek inside their living room
it's pretty dang
cool also they really smell like rotten
fish and bird poop H see all that stuff
around them poop it's poop everywhere
right before departing we were lucky
enough to have one little fella saunter
past us pretending he was cool and
collected hey look at this old guy then
at the last moment running as fast as
his little legs could take
him so that is a typical Excursion it
lasts about an hour and it's pretty
rigid strict I thought we' just kind of
land and you could walk where you want
but they basically tell you exactly
where you have to walk exactly where you
have to stop and so on for the most part
I get it we want to preserve this space
and make it nice for the future people
come here and we don't want to disrupt
the animals although sometimes they're a
little little too intense with the rules
from here we're headed back to the boat
let's move once back on the ship people
could participate in a Polar Plunge in
waters colder than
freezing then we headed away from
Antarctica and towards South Georgia
Island a place brimming with
Wildlife but before you see South
Georgia how about another meal after all
there's nothing like eating outside on
the deck as you make your way through
Antarctica it is time to try another
meal behind me a restaurant simply known
as the grill the main thing about this
place is that it's meat and you cook it
on a rock let's go check it out right
here you can see their meat selection
we've got Seafood salmon shrimp pork
multiple different cuts of beef it looks
perfect it looks beautiful but first we
got to heat up a stone so we can cook
that on top could you could you walk
away and come back okay is that okay oh
look the server all right he's bringing
me his meat let me see your meat sir
this is the wheel chop and the primary B
yeah I think I should try the F chop
that looks amazing no problem thank you
wow that's a big meat that man has
on the on the plate boom here it is this
is our hot stone that is soon going to
cook that be chop and then now the meat
is coming yeah please take it
[Music]
away wow flattered in oil and sauce it
looks and it smells incredible and now
we wait but in the meantime onion
rings M that's a good one all right here
we go oh my God I could have timed it
more perfectly oh listen to that
beautiful Sizzle as you turn it around
that is nice at this point there's a
nice sear on each side but there's still
parts that are plenty raw like right
here so I'm going to cut it off the bone
and continue to cook we're going to get
this side going cut it all into smaller
chunks this is where all my skills in
Asian barbecue roasting are coming into
play now some of these I think are close
enough to done TR to throw back some of
this ve
[Music]
cheers mhm soft tender innocent juvenile
they put an amazing marinade on the
outside before I got here it was full of
oil and spices and herbs very nice right
here we have a ve jeo basically looks
like a combination of ve tears and
barbecue let's try it
[Music]
out Savory Smoky juicy meaty deadly
delure this experience should not be
possible but somehow it is and it's
amazing on the way to South Georgia
Island our ship took a brief stop at the
world's largest iceberg it's called
uninspiring
a23a this thing is about three times the
size of New York City and our ballsy
Captain pointed the nose of the ship
straight at it and he got about one ship
length away from from it too pretty
incredible from here we continued on our
way to South
Georgia welcome to South Georgia a place
much warmer and completely different
from Antarctica in fact any of the
icebergs you might see here floated all
the way from Antarctica and parked in
these shallow
waters on day one we were relegated to
staying in the zodiacs once again this
time due to an outbreak of Aven flu that
local authorities were trying to reduce
the spread of needless to say this was
sad news but the views from the Zodiac
were still
[Applause]
spectacular here we were able to see
macaroni penguins the little guys with
the bright yellow eyebrows on the beach
we saw thousands and thousands of King
Penguins some of them still molten the
Zodiac was able to get fairly close and
plenty of the Penguins were popping in
and out of water too I highly recommend
if you go to Antarctica to try to add
this to your journey as
well on day two in south Georgia we were
finally able to go on land we're at a
place right now where they have an
outpost a bunch of buildings they used
to have a church here people were here
over 100 years ago Gathering whales and
turning them into oil for consumption
and for lanterns luckily eventually Big
Oil dwindled the demand for whale
blubber but even though you could see
stuff like this behind me these old
ships there's a ton of wildlife
different types of penguins seals so
we're trying to soak it in for the hour
that we're here cuz this may be the last
time we get to be on land with these
amazing
creatures day three in south Georgia was
our last on this day we went on a 2.5m
hike to a
[Music]
waterfall this was by far the best day
of the trip and a perfect sendoff this
place was loaded with Wildlife we saw
fur seals King Penguins some big fat
elephant seals that looked like me after
eating a whole Pizza Hut pizza while we
were here it started to snow it is our
final day on land here in South Georgia
and man an amazing day it's snowing it's
very magical next we make a 3-day Voyage
all the way back to Puerto Williams fun
the journey from South Georgia to Puerto
Williams requires a long 3 days at Sea
so since we had no place to go we made
reservations for the ship's only Italian
restaurant ladies and gentlemen the
final restaurant on this boat that we
have not gone to yet until now in the
morning it's a breakfast buffet at noon
it's a lunch buffet and right now
larazza is an Italian restaurant let's
go check it out oh hello Chef hello sir
the chefs on the ship have the tallest
hats ever that's how you know it's
legit perfect thank you very much
hello sir welcome to the terasa oh very
nice we've been here 2 seconds they're
bring food already theti s bread I don't
know a ton about Italian food and I
can't wait to go to Italy to learn more
but what I do know is that this looks
freaking awesome we've got assorted
cured meats cheeses brushetta he called
this an octopus salad and of course this
tuna tomato I'm going to try that out
first it tastes like tuna from a can
mixed with olive oil and something a
little bit sour like pickle juice it's
delightful it's interesting it's
different the second thing is this an
octopus
salad very Mediterranean and very bouncy
it's like a bunch of little cubed minced
up octopus Parts very delicious so I'm
going to nsh on this and then I have two
courses coming a pasta and a mean
protein let's wait for that to come
next oh good zoom in at the end all
right folks we have our first course
right here this is called spaghetti oio
homemade spaghetti pasta extra virgin
olive oil garlic and crushed Chili
Peppers so actually it's kind of a dry
pasta let's try it
out
first of all I've been in Asia too long
I'm used to soring my noodles and when I
don't sorp them it feels strangely quiet
they taste almost buttery they're just
like super delicious El Dente noodles
steaming hot tons of garlic flavor
coming off there like my wife is going
to be trying to stay away from me the
rest of the night and then just a hint
of cake with those
chilies a delicious first
course all right folks I have my final
course right here this is the swordfish
got a lime on there potatoes underneath
it's top with some olives a little kind
of Italian salsa Capers Tomatoes it
looks delicious swordfish is not a fish
I'm super familiar with let's try it out
cheers M I'm very impressed it tastes
meaty at first on the outside and then
it it's very juicy on the inside M
tastes like it's just been slathered in
olive oil there's this fresh salsa on
top it's very nice and for once this
fish steak is not a mistake
cheers that is our final meal and it's
time to wrap things up also everything
my wife ordered looks way better than
mine boom and that is the end of our
Antarctic Cruise Journey right now you
can see we are coming back to land it's
right there that is South America and in
just a few hours we'll be pulling into
PTO Williams and then reversing the trip
going back to Santiago and eventually
somewhere else tonight we'll sleep in
the port and then tomorrow we get out
the boat very early and actually a whole
new set of guests comes onto the boat
and they do another Voyage it is amazing
how hardworking the people are on the
ship some of them are working on the
same ship day after day for 5 to 9
months at a at a time depending on their
contract it is wild and man after
tossing and turning and being thrown
around by bed a few of these nights
traversing the rough ocean waves on this
boat I have a lot of respect for the
people who work in this industry and on
this ship in particular this was an
amazing experience there are a lot of
different ways to experience Antarctica
this is what I chose this is what suited
my taste I wanted to have an experience
that would be equally amazing on the
boat as well as off the boat but if you
want to see Antarctica I think it's a
bucket list item find some way to
squeeze it into your life plan or you
can just work on a ship also an option
get paid to explore the world otherwise
that is it for this one thank you so
much for watching I will see you next
time
peace it's crazy like if I jump look
down there if I jump off dead 100% dead
if you love Indian food then you're
going to love our new channel best ever
food
India subsscribe now for weekly videos
showcasing the most unique street food
from around the
country