foreign
so I recently spent two weeks in New
York City capital of bagels fancy dogs
and confusing Subway Lines this was my
first time visiting and I'm so surprised
just by how quickly I fell in love with
this place
hard to explain why exactly there's just
something about the craziness and the
sensory overload to experience but also
when it comes to vegan food options
there's just so much to choose from
definitely did not have to go hungry
which was nice it was pretty pricey
though in this video you'll get to see
everything that I deemed interesting
enough to show you guys
um so this is not going to be a strict
what I eat in a week but rather a New
York City vegan food guide and even
though this video is jam-packed with
amazing Cafe and Restaurant
recommendations there's so much more to
discover and I just need to go back
let's start with familiar's vegan coffee
shop it is this cozy Bagel Cafe located
in Brooklyn I went there for the bagels
they offer all these special Bagel
sandwiches I got the one with vegan
cream cheese kimchi and cucumber it was
delicious it was wonderful also really
wonderful was the fact that since this
is a vegan place you don't have to pay
extra for choosing oat milk
I also took this slice of pumpkin bread
here with me and I'm very thankful to my
past self that I did that because this
was no joke one of the best things I'd
ever tasted
okay cool
um more Bagel recommendations a few
people on Instagram sent me to Brooklyn
Bagel and Coffee Company a bagel chain
that ironically can only be found in
Manhattan and queens if we can trust
Google Maps which I do trust Google Maps
this time I kept it classic and got an
everything bagel with vegan cream cheese
the dough was nice and dense and chewy
it actually tasted a lot like my own
Bagels in case you ever need a good
bagel recipe check out my cookbook all
day vegan there's a good bagel recipe in
there anyway here I'm hanging out by
myself sort of on the west water side of
Manhattan it's really cute you can see
Miss Liberty from afar okay so the last
bagel I need to talk about is from
Brooklyn Bagel just Brooklyn Bagel
um that is a different company yeah just
randomly stumbled Upon This Place one
day
and yeah this was a this was a 10 out of
10 Bagel sandwich really enjoyed it
[Music]
now plant a queen is a restaurant that
had some of the best vegan food I got to
try on this trip it looks a bit fancy it
is a bit fancy
um we had these baked crab rolls these
giant crispy dumplings
we got these crispy cauliflower deep
fried something some things this avocado
red beet tartar tartar Tata and then we
also got this rice which guys this rice
was one of the best Rices I've ever had
it was so good we also got these Dandan
noodles that my two friends here
especially enjoyed the three of us
shared everything the bill in case
you're curious it was around
120 dollars we didn't get any drinks
mind you I think we only ordered tap
water but yeah if you're ever in the
mood for a good and fancy and really
nice dinner maybe something to take your
parents to check this place out oh and
afterwards we went for dessert
it was from this place called Playa
bowls they've got lots of vegan options
including a special vegan granola and
vegan protein powder so if you are vegan
make sure to ask for those ingredients
but yeah the acai was really good top
tier chef's kiss also I just love the
fact that it's open late to like 11 in
the evening
[Music]
for a few days I stayed in the Dumbo
area Dumbo stands for Down Under
Manhattan Bridge overpass the term
overpass being a bit redundant when you
have the word Bridge right before it
there's timeout market and there I got
food from
bklyn Wild I chose the mac and cheese
these tasted so realistic that I had to
go back and be reassured that I was
actually vegan I'm I'm not sure my body
would be able to handle this much
lactose anymore so yeah this was
actually plant-based thankfully these
mac and cheese they were sort of Mexican
food inspired so it kind of makes sense
for us to move on to some more Mexican
style food first off we have hahaha or
or is it but yeah this one is pretty
famous I would say and I say that
because three different people raved
about it to me Ashley here being one of
those people she's the cutest she got
the quesadilla then we got this fried
crispy Empanada thingy on the side and
then I also got the burrito Pollo fresco
it's good
I got vegan Mexican food a second time
from this place called Sia Manana it's
this bar slash restaurant serving fun
cocktails and small plates of food this
was filmed on my phone and it was super
dark so enjoy this four pixel video
quality not everything is vegan here but
you get quite a few good options I had
the vegan fish tacos which were super
yummy
[Music]
for the second half of my trip I mainly
stayed in Green Point Brooklyn overall I
was just a huge fan of it reminded me of
Europe a lot and I think that's why I
liked it so much
foreign
[Music]
point it's probably the most American
establishment I'd ever walked into I was
honestly delighted by the surprising
amount of vegan food options they had
the pizza was really yummy it tastes so
much like the pizza that you get from
Toys in Berlin if you want a similar
experience I would check that place out
so Aussie's coffee was this little
coffee place in Green point that I went
to here and there the coffee itself is
great but the reason you should check
out this place specifically is these
salty sweet tahini chocolate chip
cookies they may look like scones but
they are cookies and they taste unreal I
need to figure out the recipe for these
okay my third and final Green Point
recommendation would be to go visit
green pot which is this adorable little
vegan coffee shop and grocery store like
it's tiny but filled with so many
beautiful Goods there's super
interesting tasting granola bars to try
plus really lovely vegan pastries
I got some amazing coffee from kodawari
coffee which is close to Chinatown and
if I were in New York right now I would
go back to try their matcha
that same day I visited the good smart
which looks like a little gas station
and it sells adorably designed snacks
many if not most of which are vegan so
that's a cool idea to swing by there and
pick up some souvenirs or gifts for
friends
next up on the list is this little
pastry shop called Le Petit monster who
knows maybe Lady Gaga is the owner of
this Bakery in Brooklyn I don't know
what she's up to these days but anyway
the pastries were super nice we picked
this aesthetic little jam cookie here
this sweet vanilla roll which I think
was filled with raisins and then this
was quite interesting it was a Savory
pastry
I'm not sure I've ever had Lobster
before in my lifetime so can't confirm
nor deny the accuracy aspect here all I
can say is this was actually really
delicious and I would definitely go here
again make sure to go early though
because they might sell out
Terms of Endearment is another place
that I would have loved to see more of
Terms of Endearment is this vegan cafe
in Williamsburg their menu doesn't sound
very vegan at all actually it only says
plant-based up top I wasn't too hungry
and so I only got one of the sides which
was really big still and tasted once
again so so realistic
sweet green sweet green is so so good
one evening I got lettuce spinach brown
rice black lentils apples roasted sweet
potato fried Brussels sprouts and medium
level pesto dressing but yeah I'd
mentioned sweet Green in my previous
video there I also talked about beatnik
already which is pretty good
champ Steiner it's beautiful first of
all love The Vibes The Vibes are great
but it's also fully vegan it's food
heaven really here Hans and I got the
cookie dough milkshake and then he got
the fried chicken sandwich with mac and
cheese and I got the Philly cheese steak
which I think the steak was saitan based
it was one of my last meals in New York
who's already feeling very sentimental
now my last and final final food place
in New York this was literally a couple
hours before my flight went to dinner
with my friend Jordan here who's in
charge of the lighting I'm doing
something
wow I did go to the film school yeah for
this for this exact Halloween we went to
Ross plant-based once again in Brooklyn
there we got injera which are these
Savory Ethiopian sourdough pancakes
topped with all sorts of toppings from
collard greens to beets to spicy lentils
now the reason for this trip was a
little cooking event that I hosted in
celebration of my cookbook release check
out all day vegan available anywhere
there's books I've gotten some amazing
amazing feedback and it's just really
really cool seeing people have own and
use the book but anyway for the cooking
event I first had to do some stress
shopping at Trader Joe's and at Whole
Foods which that was fun like I'd done
picnic meetups before stuff like that
but but never this sort of structured
indoor event
and even though it started out a bit
chaotic it all worked out super nicely
in the end and I'm so happy that I did
this I think everybody got along really
well there there might have even been
some friendships that started forming I
don't know huge virtual hug to everybody
who came yeah I had a really good time
and I hope you did as well
and that concludes my New York food
journey I was actually a bit sad leaving
but then I remembered that I needed a
healthy routine again and also my skin
needed a break from all of the takeout
food thank you so much for being here
and for watching if you enjoyed this
video you may also like my Paris video
it's a fun watch check it out
um yeah and I'll talk to you soon
last month I spent a week with my heart
[Music]
[Music]