a big thank you to keep for sponsoring
this video hosting a show I couldn't
ignore the fact that even if I pretended
my hair loss wasn't happening you all
notice every week you saw my hair story
unfold in 4k and I knew I had to take
action so I did a hair transplant but
here's the thing it's not a permanent
fix it's a hair journey of Maintenance
of using quality products to treat hair
loss and stimulate hair growth and that
is where keeps comes in keeps is an
online subscription service that's
redefining how we tackle male pattern
baldness they provide a personalized
approach custom tailored to your needs
by a licensed Medical provider no more
Awkward visits to the doctor or endless
Pharmacy aisle keeps delivers affordable
clinically proven treatments directly to
your door plus you can connect with your
medical provider or keeps care team
whenever you need but here's the best
part keeps doesn't compromise on quality
they provide FDA approved treatments
that are 90% effective at tackling hair
loss and promoting hair growth by up to
35% and if that's not enough they have a
whole arsenal of other hairf friendly
products thickening shampoo thickening
conditioner and even a thickening Pomade
keeps has helped nearly a million men
keep their hair backed by over 4500
f-star reviews with jawdropping before
and after photo shipping products to you
is done professionally and discreetly
and you can decide how often you receive
shipment whether it's every 3 6 or 12
months their loss stops with keeps get a
special offer at keeps.com befrs or
click the link in the description that
is
ks.com befrs now on the show welcome to
another food truck face off this time
we're in Las Vegas Nevada
USA so far our Las Vegas trip we have
spent a lot of money I spent $135 on a
burger that was so truffly and cheesy
and delicious I spent $85 on lamb at
Gordon Ramsey's restaurant oo that is
delicious and I spent around $100 going
to the most expensive buffet in town
this is the most beautiful Lobster taale
I've seen at any Buffet ever in my life
well today is all about food savings
that's why we're rolling out to some of
this City's best food trucks if you want
to come to Las Vegas and still get a lot
of bang for your buck you got to go to
the food trucks and they are all over
the place today we're going to hit up
four different food trucks serving all
different types of food Foods I've never
even seen before and you're going to see
it all coming up
now boom we have come to our first
location right behind me a place known
as strip cheese here they have a crazy
assortment of unwieldly variety of
grilled cheese options but beyond that
they have an appetizer that I'm really
looking forward to it's mac and cheese
but it's mac and cheese inside of a
wanton wrapper that is then fried we're
about to head into the food truck but
first let's take a closer look at the
menu so when you walk up you can see
everything that available here they have
six different items so the names of all
the foods have kind of a gambling theme
before we try any of these grilled
cheeses I'm going to be trying this
right here Daddy's on a roll deep fried
three cheese mac and cheese egg Boll
served with a side of Kim cheese sauce
how do you make Kim cheese sauce let's
go inside and find
out I am in the truck right now with
Susie and it is a tight fit in here how
many people do you usually have in here
we could have up to six people on here
oh my God what were the obstacles facing
you when you first began there's so many
obstacles just getting your business
license and with the health district all
that kind of stuff once you're set and
ready to go it's easy and can you just
pull up anywhere you want to with your
food truck we cannot okay cuz I would
just go on this trip people would chuck
me money and I would chuck them grilled
cheeses all right we're going to get to
our first course right now Daddy's on a
roll first we're going to open up the
prep table inside already pre-rolled we
have the mac and cheese wrapped with
wanton wrappers what is a white powder
on the outside that's corn star step two
throw frer and those guys are going to
hang out there for a few minutes for
most people who come here and they see
this on the menu do they understand what
it is or do you have to explain um it's
pretty self-explanatory but you do have
to kind of force them to have it and
then once they have it they're addicted
good strategy you force them to have the
first bump and then after that they're
addicted they are done frying and now
they are headed to the flat top they get
a nice slice in half exposing the
beautiful steamy mac and cheese inside
from here they're throwing on the flat
top why do you add this Stu get the
extra crispiness on the top from here
Kim cheese sauce there's actually no
actual kimchi inside but it's all the
flavors of kimchi M can't wait to try it
out all right folks we have our first
course right here for only $10 if you
went to the Bellagio you're not getting
this for $10 you got to take a mortgage
out in your house and they test a
vaccine on you too I can't wait to try
this out
[Music]
Shar it's really good this tastes like a
Midwestern mac and cheese it's not of
that oven baked crusted on top mac and
cheese I get most of the USA appreciates
that I don't I like this it's hot and
steamy and crunchy at the same time and
there's such an assortment of cheeses
inside too and you know the noodles are
kind of Dente they still have some nice
texture to
them that was for me this is so good I'm
going to start stocking Suzie if it's
too rich for you you could try some of
this kimchi
sauce M it tastes like a diluted Sam
Jong so it's sweet it's super Savory
it's
spicy elevated to a new level this is
Delicious from here I do want to try one
more food it is called PE oise Pizza
let's go inside and see how it's made so
it starts with sourdough bread that
already has parmesan cheese layered on
top of it and then we add the pepperonis
to look like dice throw that on the flat
top so you got some tomato sauce right
here even more pepperoni we got our
pizza cheese we're going for a cheese
flip nice oh the cheese is already
becoming stained from the pepperoni
juices that are leaking out it's ready
that goes on top of the bread flip it
over it looks like a little zygote on
top all right bring this back to The
Cutting Board we forgot a
pepperoni oh
no give it a cut in half throw that on
top of a pile of Parmesan cheese won
chips and that is complete let's go try
it out first of all right here we have
the parmesan wanton chips M crazy
crunchy super delicious great parmesan
flavor coming off of there that's
fantastic let's talk about the main
event right here this has cheese on the
inside and outside of it it's not
falling apart it's not leaking it fits
perfectly in my
hand I want to quit after this location
I think I'm done already M this is the
only thing I could eat after a night of
pure Indulgence and still be pumped to
have in my mouth m M I got slow down we
got more food trucks I'm going to regret
it so that was the strip cheese food
truck you might be gambling with your
cholesterol when you come here but it's
a gamble worth taking now on to the next
[Music]
location we've come to our second
location right here behind me it is
called bira deas now what does deas mean
I don't know I'm going to ask the owner
soon here it's like a food focused
around bira beef now this is raised beef
slow cooked soft and tender and then
there's just a number of different
vessels you could put that beef into
they have Vira Ramen but you can put it
in a t in a gadia they have a few things
here I've never seen before either in
the US or Mexico the top inside and find
out more boom I'm in the food truck
right now with my man Jesus how you
doing good brother how about you I'm
doing great I'm excited because he has
some Mexican food that I've never seen
before so my big question is did you
have to change your recipes at all when
you came here to suit the American
palette Yeah so basically over there in
Mexico we don't really use any cheese we
just use the beef stew but now here we
had to add cheese and we make that into
tacos now with the bira obviously the
Star here is the bira let's take a look
at that first well is in process right
now how long has this been cooking
already it's been cooking for 3 hours
already we you to cook it for 4 hours
look at that tender braised beef today
he's going to be mixing something with
the bira that I've never had in a taco
let's take a look right here we have our
mystery Meats we also make beia with the
beef tendons it looks super soft it
looks gelatinous how long has that been
in there we cook it for about 2 hours or
so so there's the tendon but then
there's also the bone
marrow so I'm going to take out some of
the be as well look at this it looks so
succulent I can't wait two corn
tortillas and we dip it in the cons and
that's where we get the red color wow
look how soft that is there so this is
the beef tendon right here this is the
Bea and then I'm put some other beef
tendon on top of it scop out the bone
marrow oh wow this kind of scrapes it
and it's so soft now it just pops out
we're going to add some onion cilantro
some lime on the side folks we have our
first plate right here for this whole
plate $7 that's a great deal I love the
combination of the bira along with the
bone marrows I'm going to give a little
bit of a hit of a lime and look at these
shells they've just been soaked in that
fatty consum they look like Taco Bell
Dorito shells let's try it
[Music]
out no my
life the beum is crazy soft and
succulent everything is Delicious from
the taco shell to the birum to this
phone merrow let's go try some tendon
take a look at that that same
beautifully Dorito colored taco shell
cilantro and onion that's a wonderful
fresh addition to all that heavy
meat m
oh Lord there's so much meat in here
they got a little bit of spice but not
too much and it's nice because sometimes
some of the Bea can be a little bit dry
but then when it hugs up against that
tendon it is a perfect romance I just
saw Lady Gaga in concert it's not a bad
romance it's a good romance we are back
in the food truck I'm here for round two
they have something here I've never seen
before it's called a keto Taco what
makes it keto I would say the lack of
carbs and the fact that the tortilla is
made out of melted cheese I got to see
this step one right here we have some
mozzarella cheese throw that on the
Phantom that soon will become our
tortilla once it's crispy on one side
you carefully give it a little bit of a
flip that looks like poetry let me know
downstairs in the comments if you plan
on trying doing this at home cuz you
should it's keto it's diet food our taco
shells are finally complete in goes the
Beria beef hit it with the classic onion
cilantro couple limes and that is ready
to go these are $4 each it's crispy on
the edges but it's still flexible enough
to wrap around the meat this guy is the
freaking Elon Musk of tacos I want to
pick this up it's still warm but it's
not burning my hands
cheers M oh my God that so good it's
reachy over the top every bite must have
300
calories it's not diet food it's die
food it will kill
you it tastes good it has a nice texture
to it and then that's crazy this is $4 I
just happened to see this in the kitchen
and I said I have to have that in my
life and here it is about to end my life
worth
it folks we have come to our next
location this place is known as Q of
barbecue and they're doing things a
little bit differently we've all had
brisket we've all had P pork but here
they're putting it into different things
that you've not seen don't know what I'm
talking about I don't either basically
what they've done here is they've taken
delicious Smoked Meats and they put it
on everything you can imagine the what
I'm after today is the mac and cheese we
have just entered que up what does queue
up mean queue it up just means to like
Bring it on I guess I like it here's
something I've not seen before someone
cooking a brisket just in an oven in a
smoker right we smoke it for 16 hours
and then we finish in the oven ah oven
finished brisket big reveal here taking
off the tin foil oh lordy look at that
bark it looks soft Juicy and Delicious
so I'm going to bring it over to The
Cutting Board and get it sliced up she's
going to slice right down the center oh
yeah that looks great I'll take a nice
chunk right here for you and then we'll
get it nice and chopped up all right
perfect now let's go grab the mac and
cheese this is my three cheese blend
it's got American Swiss and monster and
it's got our secret seasoning salt blend
in there as well mixed with a lot of
love all that chopped brisket gets put
on top and then we just needed barbecue
sauce I have the OG sweet and tangy
spicy garlic barbecue or sweet mustard
barbecue I'll go with the second one
second one all right dish one is
complete let's try it out this right
here 18 bucks not super cheap Until you
realize this is enough for breakfast
lunch dinner and maybe a snack too if
you eat this all in one go maybe time to
look in the mirror I'm just saying
there's really like re-experiences here
you've got the barbecue brisket you got
the mac and cheese and you got both of
them mixed together let's start first M
let's start first with a brisket
[Music]
cheers fatty soft and succulent like my
gut and that barbecue sauce it's just
like the perfect blend of spicy sour and
sweet and salty that's so good let's dig
into that mac and cheese next oo it's
got a little bit of a funky kick I like
it oh my God that's delectable it's an
incredible combination of cheeses
they've all come together and made
something
amazing it's incredibly creamy it's like
coating the whole inside of my mouth and
the noodles are kind of el Dente still
people here know how to do mac and
cheese it's wild from here the ultimate
fight brisket barbecue mac and cheese
noodle three types of cheeses oh my gosh
I'm getting fat
[Music]
cheers it's like mixing heroin and
cocaine at the same time it's over the
top I would like to go home and sip some
ice water and watch my stories but no I
have a job to do here I'm going to go
try another food from that food truck
it's my responsibility and we're back in
the food truck the gooey mooy that's
what's next do you ever get concerned
about making up too many cute nicknames
and then people are like uh hey can I
get a gooey mooy hold the Bing Bong add
some snarl hey that's our favorite part
of it got to make it fun it is super fun
tell me about the gooey mui the gooey
muoi was actually my partner's sandwich
that he created it's a beef brisket
cheese steak we use our smoked beef
brisket and then homemade queso on top
of that and then we're going to do at
Chef's way with our homemade spicy
chipotle ranch and pickled peppers start
with a little bit more brisket chopping
now we're going to take that beauty and
put her on the flat top but her off the
flat top throw the bun down and then we
got a little bit of American cheese
we're going to chop into that brisket oo
look at this it's not a cheese steak if
you don't got lots of cheese in it it's
time to insert the meat that is a
disproportionate amount of meat or a
barbecue truck not a bread truck the
queso I actually got the recipe from one
of my very dear friends back in Arizona
when I was working on his truck and
people absolutely love it hotle Ranch on
there and then I sauteed pickled peppers
and there you have it the gooey mooey
this looks uneatable it is so huge but
beautiful at the same time there's like
some brisket leaking out here I'll grab
a little bit of that give a little dip
in the Chipotle
there m that chipotle sauce has some
nice kick to it I like it this weighs a
pound and a half it's
ridiculous I wish I had an empty stomach
the French roll very nice it's like the
Hoover Dam it's holding back this tidle
wave of brisket and then the queso is
crazy delicious super heavy to break up
the heaviness you've got some of that
sour pick on
top it looks like a sloppy mess but
inside it's really nice and it has a
good personality like me except for the
good personality part when it comes to
creative tantalizing recipes that get
people to leave their comfortable couch
and come outside this is one for the
record books for the gooey mooy and boy
is it gooey and at one point it was
mooing this is made out of
cow ladies and gentlemen we have come to
an event this is known as First Fridays
the first Friday of each month about 50
food trucks roll through here you can
hear all of them have their little
electric generators going it's very
noisy but it's very fun and the last
doll of the day is right behind me there
food truck known as endless hosti
abilities you get it into play on words
they having fun how about you have a
little fun too take it easy in the
comments here they're selling all kinds
of pasta but it's not about the pasta as
much as the way they serve the pasta
let's go inside and I'll show you right
now I am in the food truck with Ryan of
Endless Possibilities it's a clever name
how'd you come up with that me and my
clever wife came up with that a little
bit more you a little bit more the
clever wife I think more of her smart
answer this is a guy who knows how to
survive how would you describe the
concept here it's a pizza dough rolled
up to make a Garlic Knot we have to
proof it for about 4 hours and then we
bake it off in the oven we retoast it
here garlic butter parmesan parsley
really good so people can just get the
pasta or the lasagna or they can put it
inside a Garlic Knot cone today I'm
going to go with the lasaga let's see
how it looks the cone is complete time
to dress it up a little garlic butter
soaked up Parmesan cheese P of grain or
Romano fresh parsley throw the cone in
some paper right here we have a whole
new fresh container of cooked lasagna
looking fantastic that is a slice
lasagna goes in you just got to kind of
slip it in there keep jostling it until
it slides right down hit it with a
little bit of marinara and some Alfredo
too and finally hit it with a little bit
of Parmesan guys check it out our final
food for the day from Endless
Possibilities I don't mean to complain
they're not Endless Possibilities
there's exactly four pasta possibilities
but all of them look fantastic this is
the most expensive thing today it's 25
bucks for the lasagna and then another
six to put it in a cone I'm going to
grab out some of the lasagna right here
we've got sauce we got cheese we got the
lasagna noodle marinara sauce let's try
it
out oh that's really good it's all about
the sauce if the sauce aim busting it's
not going to work
out amazing flavor super Savory deep
tomato what I really want to do is take
this off and eat it like an ice cream
cone I'm going to put this temporarily
on the floor don't show that it's fine
this does feel like garlic nuts it's
super soft buttery garlicky let's try it
[Music]
out I wish I could say I was carb
loading for a marathon tomorrow but no
I'm probably just going to sit around
with gouts regardless this is
awesome oh no it's leaking it sprung a
fissure I need to stitch it up it's
bleeding out bad doc I'm just going to
rip it open oh look at that I'll just
say like eat half of it and then take
the C out I was a little bit premature I
got excited it happened especially the
teenage
me well anyways this is the final food
of our Las Vegas food truck face off
next I want to tell you who won The Face
Off let's see let let's go okay cut
ladies and gentlemen you have reached
the end of Las Vegas's food truck face
off but who is the winner there can only
be one first I got to say I'm very
impressed by all the vendors and their
inventiveness I saw a lot of new things
I'd never seen before food Creations
that are pushing the limits of what
could kill somebody there was a lot of
very decadent Rich heavy cheesy food and
I enjoyed every moment of it but if I
had to pick one that I'd be really
excited to try again it would be
location one string cheese cheese
stripper strip cheese my gosh the
macaroni inside the wanton wrapper that
was again put on the flat top with that
amazing kimchi sauce just that one alone
won my heart over and there's still
probably little pieces of it in my heart
beyond that the Paradise Pizza grilled
cheese amazing the perfect combination
of a grilled cheese and pizza flavors I
got to say suie is crushing it and I
wish her all the luck in the world but I
want to say thank you to all of our
vendors today cuz they were all
outstanding and I would absolutely
recommend you going out try some of this
food for yourself next time you are in
Las Vegas otherwise guys that is it for
this one thank you so much for watching
I will see you next time a peace I don't
know we should have just done the whole
video here there's like 100 foot trucks
but I'm to full now ah it's all right
I'm going to walk home where did my fat
tractor go these dogs have
shoes introducing best ever coffee I've
traveled all over the world and no
country has cre created a better coffee
experience than
Vietnam that's why I partnered up with
the local coffee experts at Lov to bring
Vietnam's satisfying coffee experience
right to your kitchen order now using
the link below to receive this bold
blend of Robusta and a rabika a fin
filter to brew the coffee and a tube of
sweetened condensed milk to add the
perfect hit of sweetness this isn't just
coffee this is an experience