this is like Gordon Ramsay's probably
most famous dish out of all of his
restaurants
okay that's fantastic I was getting
ready to like you know bash on it if it
wasn't good but no I can't I can't do
that
what's up everybody this is George here
with Vegas must try and today we're here
at the Caesars callus we're checking out
one of the most sought after restaurants
here in Las Vegas and that is Hell's
Kitchen right behind me it took us a
couple of weeks to get this reservation
and the day is finally here so let's do
it and I'm joined by my cousin I got no
food right here first time for me as
well so I'm really excited to try this
food look at that life-sized guy
basically like a Disneyland ride here on
the wall we have all the contestants
from the Hell's Kitchen show
[Music]
thank you
all right guys so just got situated here
and here at Hell's Kitchen you basically
have to make a reservation maybe like
weeks or maybe even months in advance
depending on what day and time you want
like for example I booked it about two
and a half weeks ago and I didn't get my
preferred time I just kind of had to
settle for something that fits with my
schedule if you did wanted to walk in
you can only do it at the bar here aside
from that there isn't a waiting list and
you can't make a reservation for one
person I have to do it for two people
Fun Pack Hell's Kitchen was just named
the top two most photographed
restaurants in the United States by Yelp
and it wasn't number two it was number
one uh the number two was actually
buccano as well so two of the most
photographed restaurants in the United
States are here at the Caesars Palace by
number one is here at Hell's Kitchen and
number two is a buck on a buffet so they
have kind of like the Fire and Ice going
here and all of the chefs have a red
bandana I believe it was from the Phil I
never actually got to watch it so
impressions of this restaurant is a
really nice place it's nicely well lit
you have nice ceiling here you have a
cool display here where the kitchen is
it's like an open kitchens place you
also have a view of the strip so if
you're lucky enough or maybe if you ask
for it you can sit by the window and you
have a really nice view of the strip and
also get to see the rest of the
restaurant as well all right so we just
got our drink and this is a notes from
Gordon drink it's a refreshing gin drink
and I'm excited to see what this says
kind of reminds me of like a Chinese
yeah the turkey is so raw it just shot
down a Russian jet oh my God okay so
those are probably like quotes from the
TV show right when he's yelling at
people
so that's pretty neat I also know that
they have like like a smoky drink and
other like cool presentations like that
so if you're like old-fashioned
definitely hit up that no straw though
there's a shot all right
oh this is so good it kind of tastes
like lychee
this is so good check it out
that is good wow it's like very
refreshing all right and here we have
some starters we have the Foy bra right
here we have some cherries nuts right
here I think this is an English muffin
and then the actual full grown up here
which is I believe it's duck liver so
it's a bit smaller than I was expecting
but the presentation is top class so
here we have the steak Sartor a lot of
people don't like steak Sartor because
it's basically raw meat but it's very
high quality raw meat and then here we
have some of like basically caviar but
it's like imitation caviar that's what
they call it truffle pearls right here
all right mix them up
all right so this is basically a Patty
right here dude there's like a caveman
thing in me that I absolutely love
tartar I can smell the Truffle from here
let's go like this like if it was a
salsa like a dip yeah yeah
there you go
classy man
let me get in there hell yeah
I haven't had steak tartar in like
months maybe close to a year
I love the strong truffle flavor this is
fantastic very good texture
a lot of complicated flavors I wish I
could get bigger spoonfuls of this but I
would eat it all in one bite you don't
even feel like you're eating raw meat
because there's a lot of flavors that
really you know
make it appealing for the slimy texture
to be like swallow plus like these
little
um what are they called like chips of
some sort are delicious they give you
you know that nice crunch that you're
looking for oh yes sir oh my God we got
a big one dude get a big one if you gave
me like a gallon of steak tartare dude
I'd go in it'd be easy to do a carnivore
diet if that's what your diet like was
made of but let's do it
oh look at this duck liver super fat if
you want to like scar yourself check out
how they make
um this foi Gras like the process of
what they do to the duck I think there's
also honey in this English muffin let's
go for a bite I'm gonna get some of the
nests as well
[Music]
I love you I love this um
if you eat the dog liver by itself way
too fatty then you add like some like
carb component like the English muffin
it's good you add the nut nice crunch
but then what really really tops it up
are the cherries you add the cherries to
this if they're super sweet but it just
brings everything together it takes it
home like when you were talking about a
lot of flavors here with the steak
tartar this is absolutely nuts it's a
lot smaller than I thought so maybe like
two more bites
[Music]
make sure to get that cherry dude it's
gonna get fatty
let's put some cherries on it yeah the
only thing fattier than that that I've
eaten before was uh bone marrow all
right so just a quick observation is
that their menu is a bit small right
there's not a whole lot of things to
pick from although what we've had was
fantastic I would definitely recommend
that steak tartare if you like to say
tartare the full grout was really good
although I've had better in my
experience but I've either of those
items are going to be delicious now
we're waiting obviously for the beef
wellington this is probably the most
photographed thing on earth as far as
food goes so let's get it going
other side of baked mac and cheese
it is very very hot okay guys and then
that's the kitchen Beef Wellington
potatoes paper vegetables all right so
we went ahead and got the star of the
show and that is the beat Wellington
check this out this is like Gordon
Ramsay's probably most famous dish out
of all of his restaurants so we have
some fillets they cook medium rare we
have a layer of pate and then another
layer of pastry which is obviously
cooked in the oven not to mentioned we
have potato puree here and some veggies
I was actually expecting it to be a
little bit bigger this is the first time
I ever see it in person but let's get it
going dude all right then we also have
some mac and cheese here this looks
absolutely delicious but let's get
started with the beef wellington all
right let's go all right the bread on
the outside very soft
we're moving to the meat very tender
[Music]
look at that
so there's not like a
it is you know it's not like a burger
you have to cut it oh yeah the inside
very tender super red the way meat
should be
foreign
that's fantastic that Pate layer that it
has on the outside is unreal the
composition of the whole Beef Wellington
it did break apart because you know the
pastry gets a little soggy with the with
the moisture of the meat but honestly it
is so delicious very tender meat so
anything that's like a like a tortilla
or bread or something like that with a
piece of protein to me that's an amazing
combination this is creamy it has a nice
bite really good taste I was getting
ready to like you know bash on it if it
wasn't good but no I can't I can't do
that potato Curry delicious let's try
the mac and cheese
oh yes daddy yes Daddy
this is a very good mac and cheese nice
crunchy on top
after trying this Beef Wellington I
wouldn't expect anything else this is
fantastic really really happy so far
oh that was cauliflower yeah it was
Scoops that's weird but I respect the
creativity
all right ladies and gentlemen and we
have made it to dessert and here we have
the sticky toffee pudding which is what
they're known for here is their most
popular dessert oh
Yes Yes actually here you guys record it
because it looks really good ready yep
thank you guys for coming in today thank
you for having us look at that
that's pretty cool
what is this like coconut ice cream sure
yeah basically that's what she said
sorbet I can't do this
[Music]
it's Gordon Ramsay's mom's a recipe here
we have some what is this ice cream on
top this is gonna look delicious any ice
cream and like bread combination is my
absolute favorite let's go
[Music]
dude get out of here
get open
this
it's nuts dude it's nuts I I don't want
to exaggerate all right I'll keep it
together
this is unreal
good I don't know what type of ice cream
that is extremely sweet though I love
super sweet things
I could probably finish that whole thing
but dude it has a strong bold like
caramel type of flavor which is probably
the toffee right I think it's I think
it's like coconut sorbet here it's a
super cool presentation they give it to
you in an actual coconut they pour some
water here this I believe there's some
dry ice underneath and it gives it gives
you a nice little show here like this is
legit a coconut coconut shavings on top
we got some pieces here what is this
some sort of biscuit or cookie yeah this
isn't too heavy this is uh you know like
sorbet sorbet is like a lot more
water-based obviously this is the most
tropical dessert on the Las Vegas Strip
This is what Hawaii would taste like if
Hawaii had a taste this is nuts baby
what a dude what a meal
actual coconut
let's go
yeah it's okay yeah
do you know coconuts kill a lot of
humans per year you're just walking
around the beach and then a coconut hits
your head and you die
death by coconut all right guys so that
is a wrap up here at Hell's Kitchen the
food was delicious and I definitely
recommend this place I did think however
that the food was a bit overpriced but
uh to be honest like that's Vegas and
you come into a celebrity chef it's
basically one of the biggest restaurants
in Vegas so with all that being said
don't forget to make a reservation
because you have to like book weeks or
months ahead thank you guys so much for
watching if you found any value in this
video whatsoever please remember to give
this video a like consider subscribing
to the channel if you haven't already
and then comment down below questions
comments concerns or you know where
other restaurant you think I should
feature in this channel thank you guys
and I'll see you on the next time peace
thank you
[Music]