hello guys welcome back to my channel if
this is your first time make sure you
subscribe we're here in Vegas and we are
here at the new Gordon reny's Restaurant
Hell's
Kitchen we made a reservation to diet in
for 11 o'clock is it as good is it as
good as the hyp let's check it out
Hell's Kitchen let's
[Music]
go
[Music]
so the beef wenon is the most famous one
is Gord reny signature dish we also have
the three course with one pairing $100
for the three courses and then you can
add for wine pairing so the three
courses are $100 and then you can choose
from the two appetizers and you get the
Beef Wellington and a dessert to the
toffee pudding or you can just choose
like by itself so the lobster rotto and
the pener scalloper they're special and
their ENT of course the beef wellington
is the famous one yeah one k three
horses and one just like ENT by and a
lobster Roto and a lobster R and a brel
sprout well I don't know I don't know if
we need BR we do there's no
sides let's see for the signature three
course menu we ordered the scallops
which comes in five and each scallop is
coated with scallion and a really nice
cream sauce underneath and a little bit
of the brown sauce
this is probably the best scallops I've
ever had um in terms of the texture it's
very very tender it's not overcooked at
all it's like perfectly browned and also
very very tender um Brandon said the
reason why it tastes so good is because
it's also high quality scallops it's
definitely better than the frozen ones
that we get from the grocery store and
it's perfectly seasoned and cook it's
definitely a must try the presentation
of the dish is also perfect the flavor
is Savory with a little bit of the
scallion flavor and it also tastes a
little bit of sweet I think the
sweetness comes from the sauce and the
scallop overall it's 10 out of 10 I will
definitely come back for this dish if
you love scallops definitely try this
out and also I felt like the portion is
pretty big enough as appetizer cuz a lot
of the other fanc of restaurant theyes
give you maybe two or three but they
give you five which is makes me really
happy all right the another must try
dish which is not in the signature three
course menu is the lobster RTO our Ser
we highly recommended it so we we
ordered it and it has a big piece of
lobster tail on top of the risoto it is
very creamy in terms of the texture the
Roto is perfectly flavored it also has
Scallon on top has a very nice Umami
flavor from the seafood but also from
the actual resultto itself it just the
whole meal just blend in together
Brendan actually loves this one even
more than the scallops which I
understand cuz I feel like we eat
scallops from other restaurants too but
very rarely they serve the lobster Roto
it's perfectly cocked highly highly
highly recommend if you love that creamy
risoto definitely get this one the
appetizers also came out really quickly
like almost like within 5 to 7 minutes
which is impressive for a m entree what
a must try is the beef wellon so of
course we ordered it that comes with the
Three core signature menu dish so Beef
Wellington is a traditional British dish
it is set to originate from the
1800s um after Wellington won a victory
in water load so the celebratory dish
became a classic that Rose from the
popularity as a fancy centerpiece served
at the dinner parties during the
holidays in the mid 1900s so basically
the dish centers around beef surrounded
by Pate mushrooms and some form of ham
that's wrapped in a puff pastry and
baked in the oven want it to be somewhat
like medium to medium rare maybe medium
well but at the same time maintain that
moisture as much as possible for the
Gordon renix kitchen you can tell that
the is very puffy very flaky and the
meat is kind of like medium rare it
looks super moist all right let's try it
also for the second dish we decided to
order the crispy skin salmon I don't
know since we already have the beef we
might as well get the seafood this one
it comes with some sort of cream sauce
and a little bit of lentils at the
bottom but the salmon skin is super
crispy that's like the signature of this
dish in terms of a salmon itself it's
just normal salmon it's not like
anything fancy or anything special but
the texture of the skin is super crispy
we also ordered two side dishes because
Brenda was under the impression that the
portion would be small but honestly the
portions are pretty big we actually had
to take these side dishes to go the
first one is the brussel sprouts with
thick bacon and the second one is the
mac and cheese um the mac and cheese
actually looks so good with like super
crispy cheese on top and it was also
recommended by our server all right now
let's give it a try let's try these
right guys so let's try the summon the
summon is like super crispy on the skin
more crispy R want the more crispy one
it's so crispy when you cut into it it's
so
crisy crispy it feels like the semma
skin is like fried or something the
flavor I feel like the flavor is like
very Norm that's yeah it tastes like
normal sandwich tastes like normal
sandwich but the skin is definely very
crispy the skin is very
[Music]
crispy let's try my little
big has a very nice
P the pastry just smells so good
honestly
M I like it a lot I think the past is
making it taste very very special super
flaky very
buttery it's the pastry smells so good
and the texture is so good has a lot of
flavor and texture like this is the
greatest invention do medium rare rare I
want say it's medium rare medium rare
medium rare the
sauce the sauce is really good what type
of sauce is it's a demig glaze but I'm
not sure huh I guess it's a demig glaze
but I'm not sure I just really like the
past there's a little bit more past
because it
just how Ste do you like
it h want to how would
you it's a
solid
eight well it's cooked well have good
flavor so has really good flavor how
would you do to make it even or
seasoning seasoning but I think is
actually really and I like it when my
steak is charm there's no
charm to make this CH but I really like
it I'll give this one n out of 10 but I
definitely think that be is better than
Su the sum has really good texture or
flavor Wise It's very like
generic right there's nothing
special to make that s i do make that
s but I can't make the yeah let's try to
L A little bit the
vegetables yeah the sizing salmon is not
my favorite I want to say the salmon
dish was just okay it's definitely very
crispy on the skin part I honestly don't
know how they make the skin so crispy
it's probably the secret of this dish
but in terms of the flavor it's just
like normal salmon flavor it's just the
normal flavor that Brandon always makes
at home so I actually didn't think the
salmon dish was anything special the
size and the sauce in the salmon dish
was like okay um it's good it's a little
bit creamy and it has lenos to the side
it has a little bit pickled vegetables
in there and the sauce is a little bit
sweet and sour but at the same time I
just felt like it was like okay I I feel
like the salmon dish I would give it
probably seven out of 10 I would eat
this again but it's not like a dish that
I would like I like oh I'm going to go
to H's kitchen just to get this salmon
it's like a good dish and it has some
special to it because of the skin but I
don't like to eat salmon skin in general
so it doesn't really appeal to me that
much so definitely I would go for the
beef wellington compared to the salmon
dish unless you don't eat beef in terms
of the beef well and 10 Brandon give
this dish 8.5 I want to give this n out
of 10 um so Brandon actually likes
charcoal steak he likes grilled steak
but say this particular steak is baked
cuz Beef Wellington is supposed to be
baked in the oven for like about 40
minutes so of course the texture of this
dish of the texture of the fillet is a
little bit different from like if you
grill the filet on the grill so that's
how that's why I think Brandon didn't
like it as much as me because I actually
hate the charcoal meat so to me this is
perfect it's so tender I love the
different layers in the beef wenon and I
love the puffed pastry it's so buttery
so flaky so puffy I just love this dish
um honestly I want to eat the pastry by
its own too cuz it's just so yummy so I
want to say this dish is definitely
worth trying it's n out of 10 like I
like it a lot and it's like a very good
ratio in terms of the beef fillet in the
middle and the different layers and the
different and also on the puff pastry on
the outside I actually don't eat beef
fallentin a lot so it's not like I've
eaten better Valentines than this so I
want to say like it's not like I have a
lot of these to compare with but I want
to say like I love the way they cook
this dish I love the flavor I love the
layers and I love the puff pastry the
most this brussel sprouts with all right
let's try the brussel sprouts they give
you a lot of bacon in there and those
are thick bacon the brussel sprouts are
not air Fred they're probably baked it's
a little bit on the soggier side in
terms of the
[Music]
texture BR SP are too
soggy BR are too
soggy say seven 6.5 the brussel sprouts
has good flavor but it's too soggy it's
not the best texture we give it 6.5 to 7
but let's try the mac and cheese it
looks so cheesy look at this look at the
cheese Crunch at the top and then I
think it's a little bit bacon on the top
with mac and cheese noodles it looks so
amazing let's give it a
try 9.5 this is
great Ser that's real good this is way I
definitely eat this it's very cheesy
it's very good text tons of flavor it's
Che if they use as real dip it's good so
I would say if you're working a side ja
think this
yeah this one is like not bad but I've
have better ones than this but mac and
cheese is definitely one of the best one
I would say the Bros sprow like it's
your a health like I'm definitely
needing it for the health
Factor there a little bit of like
cranberry almost like sweetness to The
Bu like sweet and sourness to
the but the texture of the St
like machine Flor wise is good texture
Wise It's like okay so
seven seven out of 10 but the matching
cheese
is the cheese on the top is very crispy
so definitely recommend the mac and Cheo
sticky toppy
pudding this is the
sticky toffee
pudding all right so this sticky toffee
pudding is just so good the texture is
very moist and sticky and I love the
toffee flavor it's sweet but I feel like
it's like a very balanced sweetness and
it also has like a little scoop of ice
cream on top and when you like scoop
into it it's just the perfect texture
and normally I don't eat toffee normally
I don't like eat dessert but this one is
just a gods in it's so good to the point
that even I couldn't resist and I'm not
even like a huge dessert person so this
is definitely a must try item from the
menu
it's super good it's actually super good
with the ice cream and I usually I don't
even like dessert this is actually
super are 10 out of 10 it's very nice
sticky
texture very soft
tender with a toffee flavor and ice
cream
flavor yeah let me
see it's super good yeah it's not too
sweet well it's super sweet it's sweet
but it's not like there's a ton of sweet
it's not like disgustingly sweet it's
like the perfect amount of
sweetness so good it's so good it's 10
out of 10 out of 10 out of 10 this is so
good but I've had this you've had this
before in other Gordon Ren's
restaurant yeah it's offered in other
Gordon Ren's restaurant too apparently
but it's super good I would eat this
again and I normally don't like the but
this one is 10 out
[Music]
of I think it tastes real good I would
definitely come back you would
definitely come back yeah as long as
you're willing to pay the price tast is
totally fine yeah the price is
definitely High to cost $100 per person
at least that's going to cost
$270 so no $100 per person at least but
we ordered more sies I feel like we
didn't need to order two SI we could
have just get one one something I think
it's probably $125 per person but I
think it's worth it to try at least be
expected since you eat at a celebrity
chef restaurant how it it's the service
is super fast and everything is so great
right yep we have a great dining
experience all right that's it for
today's video Thumbs Up And subscribe
and check out my other
Vegas and mother my other
vosses channel and I'll see you next
one
[Music]
he