behind me is the highest rated barbecue
restaurant in the entire world let's go
see what makes it so famous come on
[Music]
really quick thing I want to point out
is on there it says that we have 3 700
five star reviews a little outdated now
it has 15 000. hello how are you this is
our first sign in here but we see how
famous you guys are so we want to try it
for ourselves welcome thank you they do
put sauce on all of our meat Gary we
need it on the side just let me know for
you okay amazing so I think we
definitely want to get barbecue bro ham
okay good choice it is okay that we want
to get the fill Buster as well okay yeah
do you have like a platter of like
different stuff or no it's all just well
we do have common stations of like pork
and chicken or beef and chicken and you
can add meat to it if you'd like like if
you want to just add a little bit of
tri-tip or sausage link for the free
drinks okay okay you guys so we're in
this barbecue spot and I really like the
Vibes in here it definitely feels like a
barbecue spot yeah I was expecting more
of like a shock this is like a
full-blown restaurant right every place
you went to in like Arizona and Texas
and stuff they were like very small
exactly huge this could probably fit
like 500 people there's a bar over
there's a whole separate side that has a
bar I like the way that they decorate
they're trying to show you that barbecue
is for everyone the way that they have
the different ways of pronunciation it
says many ways to spell it many ways to
cook it but in my head there's only one
way to eat it and that's through your
mouth and I'm ready to indulge so before
we get into this Jake's not ever really
a huge fan of barbecue food I love
barbecue food we got our beers here
because we are considering moving to the
South and that's what barbecue is from
so I think we're gonna play a little
game okay I'm gonna start a timer on our
phone and we're gonna have the daily
chug this is something that'll be
reoccurring if you guys want it we're
gonna try to become speed drinkers so
are you ready to open up that all right
you ready we're gonna take the whole
thing down this is gonna loosen us up
for this I did get a little skim though
compared to yours you got a little sip I
do have a little something you gotta
make sure we're even fair it's even okay
here we go three two one
foreign
he was drinking the lightest beer they
have I was drinking an IPA which is
hoppy you cannot chug this if you wanted
to it's not the same thing two I thought
he was drinking so fast that I was going
like this looking to stop the timer so
we needed a third party to be the timer
I can't be in control on this daily chug
you guys if I put on the screen there's
one or two options here it was either in
the one second Mark or the four second
Mark either is both equally sick my new
name is Jake Chestnut I'm the fastest
Beer Drinker in the world you're not I
am you're burning I finished it so let
us know if you guys want this to be a
reoccurring thing but I think the food
is coming so let's check this out either
help me bring it to the table right
there all of this man is it all of this
oh just these okay damn I was about to
say
okay you guys so we got the food it
looks absolutely unreal like this looks
like it's straight out of a movie I got
barbecues on my elbow already I don't
know how it's getting everywhere you
can't not like touch anything so what do
I have right in front of my hand is a
giant beef rib and what do you got right
there and I got the Philly Buster oof
looks insane these are award-winning
both of these they're known for their
ribs but they have award-winning
sandwiches here so let's try both of
them let's dig in shall we one bite
oh that's gotta be the best riddle I've
ever had in my life cool this good fall
off the boat look at this all that meat
oh
oh I can swallow it I don't even need
teeth I know he's fatty and juicy
perfect sauce perfect amount of sauce on
there it's wet it takes over your mouth
very fatty very tasty very juicy man the
burger is great looks like Carl's Jr
Bacon Western Cheeseburger on steroids
you taste the Char from the grill which
gives you like a smoky welcoming you
think you're back home at your at your
family's house in Texas that you've
never been to Texas it's that good old
southern charm that comes with this food
man that's the reason why I want to live
breed out here there's something about
this food that just makes you feel good
this is the stuff that puts you to sleep
this is the stuff you got to be careful
eating for lunch like we're doing right
now because this thing is gonna put you
out for the rest of the night pass a
napkin for me brother thank you ma'am
all right let's swap man that rib is so
good so many you almost ate the whole
thing like there's so much meat on there
so what's interesting about this
sandwich is you can see it has a classic
burger meat on there as well as what is
pulled pork or something on top bacon
double Patty wow onion rings oh this is
insane that's insane right is what they
call Carl's Jr's motto if it's not all
over the place it does Below in your
face this one too here we go
and this is what they're known for these
ribs oh Mom oh my God man their meat
here is just so good everything is
smoked you get that residual Smoky taste
on everything you eat from the ribs to
the tri-tip pulled pork whatever that is
just down to their patties their bacon
everything tastes Smoky 100 I'm really
curious about the tri-tapers tri-tip
tastes a long time to cook sometimes
like 10 15 hours does it really yeah
let's try it look at that y'all if your
mouth ain't watering at home I don't
know bills uses their own barbecue sauce
your face is a mess right now let's go
let's live my life
oh this might be better than Texas look
when we went to Texas we went to this
place called Killen's barbecue highly
ranked spice but nowhere did it have
close to 15 000 reviews like this place
this place is got to be the highest
reviewed place I've ever went to in my
entire life soon now we know why I think
this is better than the rib oh for sure
but these are the ribs we gotta try that
was the beef frame let's move on to the
pork ribs oh my God I hope you know the
number for 9-1-1 because I might need to
go to the emergency look at these okay
guys these are your classic Ribs Right
Here pork ribs coming straight out of a
pig let's see what they're like
oh my God there's sauce man their
Barbies are blowing my mind we should
got more a good amount of meat on there
it literally does fall off the bone no
scraping needed that's the clean bone
that is good but I prefer the cow I like
the beef too you get a lot more meat way
more tender I like the fatty it's
juicier yeah like look at all this fat
pure fat just but you know that's about
to be tasty geez that's a heart attack
waiting to happen right there let's pray
for Jake you guys
listen you guys we also got chicken and
this is off of the bone let's see how
good barbecue chicken is
oh it's plump it is a little dry real
dry because it's awesome except for it
it's plump though it's like thick pieces
of chicken breast and it didn't have the
sauce it would suck but I think when
you're coming here coming for ribs
you're coming here for like real
barbecue not chicken chicken's all right
all right so what is barbecue without
some sweet baked beans let's see what
they're like here if it tastes anything
like this sauce is gonna be amazing
oh that's home-cooked beans right here
sweet baked beans like really good beans
if we had a grandma from the south she'd
make beans like this didn't come with
that look at my hands you guys the
flavor here is incredible but look this
next sandwich I don't know if you were
to hand me this I'd be like hmm that
looks like a mess waiting to happen but
knowing that this is pork from the
shoulder you know this thing is about a
hit with flavor because my mama always
says I raised you to have a good head on
your shoulders and let's just say I hope
this pork had a good head on its
shoulders because now I'm about to eat
its shoulders I already got it look at
this thing you guys we're going for it
it's gonna fall apart if I hold it so
here we go it's got coleslaw in here
cheese this thing is massive
oh
oh [ __ ] oh that is the best sandwich
here holy [ __ ] yeah I'm going in again I
might have a heart attack they should
have a 9-1-1 button just as you press it
at your table I'm gonna need 400 napkins
you want a dirty napkin we gotta grab
for each other look guys I will say that
one's nice because you get the smokiness
you get the barbecue you get everything
like that and then get some crisp fresh
coleslaw a little bit little crunches to
it I will say one thing I point out
about this restaurant that I really do
enjoy is that each table comes with a
paper towel roll so you're never sitting
there with crazy barbecue hands waiting
for the server to come back you gotta
roll at your table and they're always
full that's something I can respect we
lost all this meat right there I'm just
like tempted to eat it this place is
probably it's all this mean in here if
you want to eat it too one of the best
barbecue spots this has got to be hands
down no wonder why they have 15 000
reviews best barbecue I didn't do hands
down
we're supposed to save some room for
some other videos that we have coming up
today I don't think that's happening
this [ __ ] is just too good to waste and
it was a hundred bucks yeah this is a
double cheeseburger over here but before
we jump into this glorious looking
cornbread we need to wash our hands and
Jake needs to do a bathroom review so
let's get to it let's go
foreign
[Music]
they have the sickest dryer hand dryer
I've ever seen in my entire line the
restroom is what it is it is clean hand
painted I don't know I want to go back
to that cornbread so let's go just so
you guys know this wasn't pre-planned
Jake what was your favorite meat that
you had here today out of all the meat
you ate this thing what was that the
tri-tip well how about you guys try
tipping on the channel you guys can do
super chats and leave a tip if you guys
like our work try tipping that was good
thank you we thought about that when you
were touching your little tri-tip in the
restroom but if you like the content
leave a tip it always helps let's make
this content better yeah we're gonna
have more food come this right here
their famous cornbread oh my God and
this right here they're famous butter
that goes in the cornbread and this
thing looks thick it literally looks
like mashed potatoes so let's try it is
it not cream cheese I think it's butter
that's what you eat with cornbread oh
it's sweet it's a honey butter there's
like cinnamon to it or something oh it's
interesting let's try it with the
cornbread yeah I'm gonna do like this so
I get a little combo bite oh it's
thicker than I imagined I was thinking
it was gonna be really soft but thick
we're in the better hot it would have
been better if it was hot and warm very
dense not how I usually imagine corn
cakes they're usually not this dense
they're usually nice and Airy fluffy I
don't like this this one's too thick
it's like a pie I don't think they got
famous for their corn cakes no
yeah that's a whack honestly those 60
cents cornbreads that you buy at the
market are better than this cornbread
yeah I wasted 10 bucks on this one for
real wow this one's not good at all
let's just hope he comes through and
gives us some free wings that he said we
need to try to make up for this wasted
ten dollar corn cake it should be a corn
cake I think it's so damn thick it's
like cake batter it does taste like cake
batter yeah it didn't even taste like
cornbread it just tastes like cake
batter all right so our dude knows that
we're making a little food review here
he's been watching us so he's gonna
bring us something that we needed to try
he says that the wings here are
phenomenal I did see that they had an
award-winning logo next to them so they
did win an award come on in here
yay and tell us about it
for real
thank you amazing thank you so much
thank you everything's been so great so
far yes thank you so much thank you so
much check out these Wings y'all they
are thick I will say these have a lot of
meat on them they're not joking around
unless they hand-picked the biggest ones
for us these are huge wings and they're
hot so they just came out oh the
freaking Grill damn it they're too hot
they're too hot
that classic barbecue sauce taste all
right I'm sending it wait wait I want to
send it to you it's hot all right here
we go here goes nothing
the chicken is plump let's just say this
chicken had double D's man because this
thing was packing so juicy I don't know
I've ever had that much meat a drumstick
before I don't know if it's natural but
I'm not complaining I'm eating wow I can
live off of this you want the other one
you love it wow incredible yeah out of
everything we did enjoy here today I
think the only thing we would skip out
on next time we come back is that
cornbread save the ten dollars and put
it towards another beef rib because that
thing hit so good I'm the bad guy
[Music]
never thought of me again
[Music]