I'm going to every single Gordon Ramsey
restaurant in America over the next 10
days we will be traveling over 11,000 Mi
eating at all 23 locations in the USA
and guess what I've managed to find the
one friend dumb enough to do it with me
Dre so you're telling me we're going to
be eating five star food for 10day
Street and you're going to be paying for
it mhm Count Me In what see when I was
little I dreamt of being a chef and the
man I looked up to most was Gordon
Ramsay he's known for being strict none
of you working as a P rude skin side
down and
raw but behind all that anger is a sweet
British man with very Luscious Hair so
uh has he responded to your DM yet uh no
not yet so I dm'd Gordon a couple days
ago hoping I would get his attention but
so far no response let me get this clear
so we're going to be traveling 11,000
mil across the entire us to get this
celebrity's attention that doesn't even
know we exist not yet dude you're the
dummy now what is this we start started
a 2-hour drive to San Diego to eat at
our very first Gordon Ramsey restaurant
this first restaurant is a Hell's
Kitchen it's inside this hotel no
backing out after this one first bite of
that beef wellington is the start of it
all right let's go as we walked in it
was like walking straight into one of
his TV shows but this time were the
stars First Impressions this restaurant
is sick the decorations the lights the
kitchen I mean everything is spot on
when we sat down we got a complimentary
drink that was fire no literally it was
on fire what and the menu was out of his
TV show pants here scallops Lobster Roto
but there it was the beef wellington oh
uh make that too dish after Dish
everything was delicious and as we tried
more food we were shocked the food keeps
getting better and better the manager
kept peeping over at us making sure that
we liked everything that we were eating
the manager just looked at me he keeps
looking over here we told him our plan
and he loved it and he gave us a little
bit of advice to get Gordon to notice us
enjoy your food and be really vocal
about it okay let us know let the
kitchen but not before long we were
introduced to our first first of many
beef wellingtons wow that is insane and
of course we had to try some of his
world class desserts a coconut ice cream
which was absolutely delicious oh my God
the presentation's crazy and his famous
sticky toppy pudding which was his
mother's recipe that has to be the best
dessert I've ever had as good of a time
as we were having we had to head to the
airport to catch our first flight to our
next restaurant the next 10 days we are
going to eat nothing but Gordon ramy's
Food I feel like his food so good though
like I won't even get sick you know as
soon as we arrived we were already
feeling the struggles of this challenge
all right so we just got to the hotel it
is currently 5: in the morning this
right here is the part that I'm not
excited for you know I know it is
literally 6:00 a.m. and we're going to
bed all right well good night or good
morning yeah whatever one of them one of
them all right good night all right so
we made it to Miami for the second
Gordon Ramsey restaurant which is
another Hell's Kitchen By the way all
the way across the country literally on
the opposite side as soon as we walked
in we met up with a familiar face Gordon
if you can hear me come out and say
something right now we are turning up
the heat right here in Miami you listen
this house kitchen had different menu
items but of course we couldn't forget
about a beef wellington we placed our
order and food came flying out of the
kitchen and it was nothing like we've
tried before none of this stuff we got
it the other way like this entire video
we ate and ate and ate and we were left
surprised I don't even know how we have
more coming but the kitchen didn't hold
back and it was time for us to try our
third Beef Wellington Beef Wellington
number three literally everything was
Del ious but we ran into a slight
problem so now we got to go back to the
hotel get our stuff go to the airport
get on the flight and eat at Gordon
Ramsey's fish and chips tonight before
they close I can't even think about
eating right now so we hurried back to
our hotel to grab our bags headed
straight to the airport and we were up
against the clock to reach our next
restaurant okay so we just landed the
restaurant closes in 1 hour and it takes
20 minutes to get there so we do have to
hurry the chase was on and we were on
our way to our third Gordon Ramsey
restaurant okay so the funny thing is is
that we still have our bags because we
didn't have enough time to stop at the
hotel we just had to go straight here
since uh it closes in 30 minutes dude
we're pushing it on time and this
restaurant wasn't nothing like we
expected all right so we just got here
it's Gordon's fish and chips this is
actually the first restaurant that's not
a Hell's Kitchen I'm excited to eat try
something new the feel of this
restaurant was a lot different you place
your order at the front and your food's
ready within a few minutes these are the
fish and chip tacos this is the Gordon's
combo with chicken shrimp and lobster
look at how like good it looks I've
never had a lobster fish and chip before
and this is everything that I thought it
would be Gordon get a good job dude
thank you Gordon as we cautiously ate
while Gordon stared us down the manager
at the front gave us some words of
encouragement I hope you find Gordon
okay oh we're trying we're trying thank
you so much we woke up the next morning
to catch another flight but this time I
had a little surprise for Drew all right
so we just landed we have the rental car
and we're not alone anymore we have what
Gordon Ramsay shut up yo it look so
realistic where did you get that I put
it in my suitcase all the way from
California uh-huh we're going to get you
to house kitchen ASAP hey we're going to
get some lunch right now Gordon don't
worry Gordon hold on step on it drew
racing through the streets of Washington
DC we knew we couldn't afford to miss a
single reservation this one's cool cuz
it has a view of the ocean Gordon you
did well with this one and we were
shocked at how different this one was so
this house kitchen is two stories as
well which is pretty cool also this one
has an ocean view they're all so pretty
but like I feel like this one's like the
nicest one we've been to so far we
placed our order and we obviously
couldn't forget to order Gordon
something he'll do the beef witon and as
the food came out I had some news for
Drew Drew you're going to want to save
room why do we have more food on the way
no we're going to have a second lunch
after this what there's a Gordon ramsy
fish and chips right down the street you
should have told me that earlier that
also meant that we wouldn't have time to
enjoy Gordon's sticky toofy pudding but
we still enjoyed the food and we were
able to raise our Beef Wellington
counter let's eat hey Beef Wellington
counter goes up and it was all good but
we still had another restaurant to go to
okay so I'm not kidding about this the
hell's kitchen's right there and then
the Gordon Ramsey's fish and chips is
right here hey Gord you ready this roll
oh he's so happy we ran inside placed to
order and it was time to try fish and
chips for the second time in 24 hours
later Gordon Ram fish after leaving we
had a little bit of time to show Goron
around the city before our next flight
which turned out to be a huge mistake my
worst fear happened we missed our flight
our only option here is to drive it's
about a 4-Hour drive it's not bad I mean
we got to do what we got to do we don't
make it we miss every other flight and
the Gordon Ramy thing ruined yeah so we
have no other option but to rent a car
and drive and drive fast cuz uh we might
not make that either so we raced over to
New Jersey and walked in with only 10
minutes to spare so this specific
restaurant is Gordon Ramsay Steak so
it's a lot different than the other
restaurants that we've already eaten at
it's fancy in here it is very fancy
everything on the menu is so different
they have Japanese A5 wagy which is
really high-end so high-end it cost $160
for four slices and not to mention the
seafood Towers we got as appetizers came
with the largest shrimp I've ever seen
oh my God look at the size of this
shrimp cheers all right cheers that's
good oh my God and this is just the
appetizer no this is before the
appetizer after every delicious
appetizer I had to make sure that Drew
is still on board Drew went into this
challenge not wanting to do it we're not
even halfway there in fact I don't even
think we're a quarter way through Drew
was right but we knew we had to complete
this journey in hopes of daddy Ramsay
noticing us he likes it I think in the
past 48 hours since we started this
challenge this is our fifth Beef
Wellington at the end of this challenge
we're going to have eaten at least 100
beef lington and we couldn't pass up the
most expensive dish that we would try on
this entire Journey the Japanese wagu
this plate was $200 which means that
each slice was $440 was it worth the
price M probably not was it the best
stick we've ever had 100% oh my God
that's flavorful did just melt in your
mouth it's like butter you can have like
no teeth and eat this after struggling
to finish our fifth and final course we
were so full we couldn't take another
bite did you save some room for dessert
yeah I think we got some room room
perfect let's do it needless to say it
put us right to sleep all right these
last two days have been crazy tomorrow
morning the restaurant is actually in
this hotel that we're staying at that's
actually very convenient because cuz
we've been running around we've been
missing stuff it just feels good to you
know be able to sleep in maybe tomorrow
morning breakfast at Gordon Ramsay's Pub
and Grill I'm excited that sounds good
and then we're driving to New York the
new restaurant was Gordon Ramsay's Pub
and Grill and it was very different than
what we were used to filled with statues
a phone booth and of course a brand new
menu this is a style we haven't tried
before yeah we haven't had Gordon's
breakfast so we need to put that to the
desk we placed an order until we got
some devastating news and also do you
guys have a beef wellington we do after
4:00 not breakfast have a beefing our
Beef Wellington counter will not go up
today we tasted our first Gordon Ramsey
breakfast and we were in love blueberry
waffles are go I know okay so first
we're going to try the breakfast
poutine starting out strong that's good
here we have the steak and eggs that's
very good I mean so far we're two for
two three for three four for four and
finally 5 for five Gordon rams' pupp and
Grill did not disappoint and out of
nowhere the manager and Chef thanked us
personally which had never happened at
any restaurant before something was
definitely up but we couldn't leave
empty-handed we got merch Brent why is
Gordon in the front because I like him
more than you but dude you don't have
he's a cardboard cutout okay and off to
our next location which is New York for
Gordon Ramsay's fish and chips can you
believe this is going to be our eighth
restaurant that's crazy isn't that crazy
I can't believe that Gordon's still in
front though not only is this challenge
difficult but we had to make sure that
we were hitting every single restaurant
to the tea in order for Gordon to notice
us we need to do all of these I mean I
DMD Gordon he still hasn't answered me
I'm hoping that one of these days he
replies back to me and give us some
motivation if you dm'd us yeah we're
making pretty good progress though I'm
happy with how this is going Drew I know
you're exhausted but we got to keep
going and there she was the concrete
jungle where dreams are made up Gordon
welcome to Time Square I know this is no
London but um Welcome to New York buddy
this next rant was another ramsy fish
and chips which was located in the
middle of Time Square do you think he's
going to know that we're doing this oh
yeah is everywhere he sees everything
has a great memory so he's like God we
have to try the wings cuz these are
exclusive to this restaurant they're
amazing but they're OD since we were in
one of the largest cities in the world
we knew we had to show Goron around and
take him on a date he would not forget
we're going ice skating with Gordon
shredding which turned out to be a huge
mistake oh oh no no you're watching this
don't kill me bro look at this oh Sho
when we got back to the room I started
think Drew was losing his mind because
when I walked in I saw this what are you
doing Drew I'm making a beef wellington
what do you mean you're making a beef
wellington I literally bought all the
ingredients to make a beef wellingt in
our hotel room do you even know how to
cook there's a video of Gordon teaching
us and also Gordon's right here teaching
WR we're in a hotel room how the hell
are you going to cook this I have an
instant pot that you plug in it's hot so
look anyways watch the process the steak
right here flaming Yan we have the puff
pastry the shitake mushrooms and then
the Pudo dude we have literally
everything we need and to my surprise
Drew wasn't going crazy all right the
steak should be done let's see how we
cook this open that up oh that's medium
rare that's pretty good I want to give
this a
try mhm it's a little roll but not bad
dude I love it I think it's fire all
right we'll clean this up I'm going to
go to bed all right wo beef Willington
counter goes up the next morning we woke
up to what seemed like the middle of
nowhere okay I have to say this one is
really nice looking yo yeah we're in the
middle of nowhere and like there's just
like the nicest house kitchen we've seen
when we went into the merch store this
is where I started losing hope for Drew
Drew are you really getting that after
you saw me cook the beef wellington I am
a shot literally like I was losing hope
are you where did you really put that on
yeah dude in the wrong spot come into
the kitchen yeah right Drew oh sorry
yeah not sure if they thought he
actually worked there but somehow he
ended up inside the kitchen how'd you
get back there I told you I was going to
make your meal no no we don't want him
making any meals trust me me and the
blue team got you we're preing to be on
came all the way I sat there for what
felt like hours enjoyed the food by
myself until I was surprised by what
seemed like a scile Drew one be
Wellington for Brent wait what you did
not make that I was watching him make it
so technically I was a part of it either
way look at how perfect this is it's
perfect because you didn't cook it I was
telling him what to do I was like yo put
the mushrooms in yeah yeah yeah how
about you just sit down and eat this is
number seven on the beef LS encounter
and this one's going to be the best one
cuz I made it how is it it actually is
really good I know I made it with love
shut up and help me eat all this deal so
far we've tried four out of the six
restaurant Styles but tonight we're
actually trying the other two Ramsay's
Kitchen and then Ramsay's Burger I'm
excited to try those but it's 2 hours
away in Boston are you serious we gave
compliments to the chef and hit the road
for a 4-Hour journey to a new city and a
new restaurant this looks like the
fanciest Burger Joint I've been to the
staff loved our cutout and it was time
to try new food and a new environment
okay so I just noticed this but the
ceiling is the British flag look at that
for as many restaurants as we have been
to we finally began to get on Gordon's
radar we're trying to go to Every Gordon
Ramsey restaurant in the US you heard
how' you hear about it cuz they told us
you guys were coming into oh it seems
like a lot of the people were noticing
us but so far no Gordon we demolished
the appetizers and to no one's surprise
we loved it those are really good that's
like the best undering I've have
although the food style here was
extremely different it was still
deliciously amazing I'm very impressed
with burger by Gordon ramsy this was
such a nice change I think it's what we
needed and our date didn't end here
because we still had a third restaurant
to go to all right this this is the six
style that we haven't had yet this is
Ramsay's Kitchen but it looks crowded
and it also looks like it's super fancy
are we actually bringing the cutout
inside dude we brought it everywhere I
feel like we have to all right I guess
we will it's his restaurant we'll get
some weird looks but that's fine I guess
and this one was just as fancy as
everything else that we've seen we met
our waitress and she mentioned that
Gordon had recently been here MC himself
came to our location he tried our craf
he did he did we told her our plan to
get Gordon to notice us and she said
this oh but he's definitely going to
notice y'all like we know we we knew
what was going on these are the lamb
lollipops next up we have our tuna
tartar and lastly we have some freshly
baked bread and as full as we were
getting it was time to get our next Beef
Wellington this is the world famous Beef
Wellington guys if you've never heard of
it I've never heard of it it's not like
we've had like nine of them course after
course Wellington after Wellington we
knew that we were in good hands the chef
K it and after nine restaurants we were
finally able to confirm that Daddy
Ramsay knows we exist oh so the M I
sent a few days ago he ended up seeing
it isn't that Ramy saw the message this
is looking good our first bit of good
news let us to the streets of Chicago
where we were yet again late for our
reservation we ate our fet as fast as
Gordon could call us an idiot sandwich
what are you an idiot sandwich and drove
30 minutes across town to eat at our
next restaurant wait look at this R look
at this what when you like your video it
dislikes it shut up I swear to God wait
show me show me look look wait wait wait
like dislike apparently there's a glitch
right now where if you press the like
button also dislikes it it's like double
at least on my phone try it out leave a
comment if it works yeah comment down
below and let us know if it works our
journey continued to our second
restaurant of the day and this time I
was more excited than ever to have a
beef wellington but when it came down to
ordering the beef wellington great beef
Wellington's only available after 5:00
so we're a little early oh that's okay
that's okay food at this Ramsay's
Kitchen was different from the last and
our waiter also had a very meaningful
surprise for us I know I told you I beef
wellingt oh my godon couldn't let you
walk away without getting one
oft get that count on up oh my God I
cannot believe he just brought out a
beef wellington and just like the others
it was delicious as always we sprinted
out because we had yet another flight to
catch to Kansas City and this would be
our third restaurant in a third state
all in just one day this one looks a lot
like the one that we had in Atlantic
City it does it has similar Vibes for
sure and as we Dove deeper into the
restaurant we knew that it was different
from everything we have seen so
apparently he signed these jerseys right
here and then the jerseys are actually
over here check this out these are the
exact jerseys and that is Gordon's
signature oh man we need one of those
but like in person the menu was fairly
similar aside from one special dish
exclusive to this location it's the
chrisna CO's Nigerian night Mar and I
feel like we have to get that and
because we were in Kansas City I knew
there was only one person to share this
amazing meal with I am so excited to try
this but because this is such a special
dish I have someone special here to eat
with us is it Gordon Ramsey no I have
Taylor Swift what's wrong with you why
she's dating a Kansas City football
player so she's going to be here eating
with us tonight we have two celebrities
at the table we have Taylor Swift and
Gordon Ramsey this is a very high-end
dinner who knew like Taylor Swift and
Gordon Ramsey were friends we have a
seab bass crab legs Beef Wellington a
special edition Kansas City steak and
shrimp I mean it sounds amazing let's
get to eating let's do it and as we
powered through the rest of the dishes
we couldn't forget about our Beef
Wellington I cannot believe that we're
in the double digits for beef
wellingtons now and the 10th one tasted
just as good as the first it tasty the
better we finished the night in the most
romantic way possible before waking up
early for our next flight 6:00 a.m.
we're heading to the airport and at this
point the pressure was on especially
after receiving the best news possible
on the way to our next destination he
freaking responded what did he say what
did he say what he say oh my God wait
wait what he say what he say hey brt
we've been seeing your journey and
Gordon is loving it keep up the good
work and maybe we can make something
happen it took 14 restaurant Gordon
you're the go let's go and this had for
sure motivated us to finish our journey
this is our third Gordon Ramsay Steak
that we've eaten at so far in our 15th
total restaurant this place looks even
better than the last one we met the
staff ordered a drink and we had no idea
what was about to come W look at the
smoke on top of the drink sick my go you
know what's crazy is the fact that like
we've been to 15 restaurants but still
have new things to order on the menu
that's what's cool about this and each
menu item was just as good if not better
than everything that we had already our
11th Beef Wellington in 7 days as we
finished our dinner we had some desserts
exclusive to this restaurant I can't get
over the sticky toffee pudding I mean
it's one of the best desserts ever we
took a photo with the chefs and we were
running really late currently it takes
an hour to get to the airport our flight
is in 1 hour and 30 minutes we have to
hurry if we miss our flight the whole
thing's screwed the whole thing's ruined
we ran as fast as our feet could move
but once we got to our connecting flight
we ran to the biggest problem on our
journey we literally missed our flight
to Oklahoma City we just ran 3 miles
through the airport to make this that
was pointless cuz our flight was delayed
so like it messed up the whole thing so
we had to drive 2 hours to our next city
I cannot believe we missed our flight
honestly okay so because we checked our
bag and we missed our flight we don't
have Gordon and we'll find him cuz we
need to bring him to the final
restaurant he can miss Oklahoma City but
not Las Vegas Gordon we're going to find
you but when there's bad news there
always comes some good news we found
Gordon's found so he is safe and sound
with us and now we're in Oklahoma City
we have a little bit of time before our
reservation so I say we hit the zoo you
want to hit the zoo this since we drove
all night we have some time so I guess
yeah it let's do it and as we brought
Gordon to the zoo we realized that no
matter how many problems we ran into on
this trip as long as we have each other
there's always another Gordon Ramsey
restaurant so each restaurant style has
a lot of similarities but the Ramsey's
kitchen one I feel like everyone we go
to is a little different you get a new
experience every time you go to a
different one and as delicious as
everything was our 12th Beef Wellington
was still the icing on the cake Beef
Wellington number 12 counter goes up you
would think with how many flights that
we missed that we would be early for the
next one but that wasn't the case we
still had to rush to the airport with
minutes to spare in order to catch our
next flight We Made It by 1 minute the
gate waited for us and you wouldn't
believe what Drew somehow brought onto
the plane I'm eating the beef wellington
when did you get that the ramsy's
kitchen you got one to go yeah I put one
in my bag so I can carry it on the plane
don't act like it's weird look it we get
to raise the beef wellingt to counter
and as the counter went up so did the
amount of restaurants that we were going
to we just made it to Tahoe it is
snowing it is snowing so much to the
point where we lost control and drove
off a cliff nah I'm just kidding that
didn't happen let's get back to the
story all right so we made it to the
Lake Tahoe location we're currently in a
snow stor this is Gordon's first time
seeing snow oh my god he has snow all
over him just from that second all right
well let's go inside let's eat because
this is our last restaurant before Las
Vegas than God it's freezing regardless
of the snowstorm this house kitchen was
the coziest of them all and when we met
our waiter we added another challenge to
our play Okay so we've had a lot of beef
wington on this journey but Drew is
trying to break the record for the most
beef Wallington eaten in one sitting
we're going to order three beef
wellingtons has one person ordered three
beef wellingtons before so far do you
think he can do it I hope he can do it
oh I got it we met the chef and the
challenge was on I could definitely
finish this and Drew wasn't lying he
demolished the first beef Bollington
within seconds number one is John but
halfway through the second one he
started to struggle we're going to keep
it going and he finally put down two
beef wellingtons before moving on to his
third and final Wellington and Drew
began to feel it you have one more piece
left yo if you shake me like that again
I might throw up so I would I wouldn't
do that but that didn't stop him from
completing the final Beef Wellington
three beef Wellington's in one sitting
that is who's done that all right so we
just left the restaurant bro it's
freezing I know so that's why we got
these ear muffs it says Idiot sandwich
on the side we're both idiot sandwiches
look at this what are you an idiot
sandwich all right we got to go cuz we
got to catch our flight to Vegas Vegas
baby luckily for us we were early to our
next flight for the first time and we
made our way to our final destination
Las Vegas dude he literally runs this
town bro he's everywhere so he has six
total restaurants we're having two
dinners tonight we had two more days
left of this Challenge and we were near
during the Finish Line can you believe
this is our fourth and final Ramsey's
kitchen oh my God we're so close to
being done too let's make this one count
Drew let's give it a run for its money
let's give it a run for it money it was
one of the nicest restaurants we've seen
and the manager even surprised us with
some complimentary champagne cheers to
the 18th Gordon Ramsey restaurant 18
that's a big number guys we need another
round of that and as we were talking to
the manager he decided to drop some huge
news on us we was just here 2 weeks ago
oh my gosh we missed them 18 restaurants
in and we were still getting surprised
with food that we had never tried before
where has this been on the other Ram the
hell and of course we had another excuse
to raise our Beef Wellington counter
Beef Wellington number 17 yo we're
making it to 20 as good as it was we had
to meet the person who made it and he
said this he actually did a big speech
right here where we're standing I'm
standing exactly where Gordon was
standing the exact same spot I can only
imagine what he said was he like where's
the limb sauce and as we left we had to
go to our second restaurant of the night
which was the coolest one that we had
seen to this point okay so this
restaurant's two stories so on the
Second Story you can literally get a
view of the entire restaurant and oh my
gosh it's massive and it looks so sick
like this is definitely the best looking
ramsy steak no yeah Vegas went all out
on this one and of course they did go
all out on their food we haven't got any
of this this much caviar goes for
$140 yeah that's pretty crazy I never
eat caviar I'm not that fancy but here I
am I've never had this before it was
safe to say that Drew absolutely hated
it I was not EXP not at all and of
course we couldn't forget about our
record-breaking 18th Beef Wellington we
finished off with some dessert before
our final day started all right so today
is day 10 of 10 our last day consists of
four different restaurants we're
starting things off with fish and chips
we haven't had this one in a while so
I'm excited the fish and chips were all
quite similar but this one had one dish
that would beat the rest sausage at this
one that's so weird I'm not going to
pass up an opportunity to try something
new they're like sausage pops and they
had another dish that would beat every
dessert that we've tried oh it has the
sticky to you putting inside this is the
best thing ever we made way down the
strip to our second restaurant of the
day and as weird as Drew has been this
entire trip we had to skip to dessert in
order to reach our next reservation it's
fun because this literally looks like a
burger I'm not going to lie I like this
better than the the pop next it was time
to try Gordon Ramsay's Pub and Grill
where the manager gave us a little
welcoming gift oh my God oh my God and
of course I couldn't resist it's wrong
it's wrong this wrong but we couldn't
forget about our 19th Beef Wellington
the fact that this is Gordon Ramsay's
most famous dish by us reaching 20 he
has to say something he has to like
message us or something at least no
there's no way that he doesn't
Wellington 19 went down like a charm and
for our final Wellington we knew exactly
where to go there it is true the finale
oh my gosh I'm like my heart's actually
like beating so F I'm nervous too but
like yeah we've done this 22 times why
are we nervous this is the last one we
have literally went across mountains
we've eaten 19 beef wellingtons for this
moment so we can reach 20 this is it we
got to go we got to go get our Beef
Wellington and uh enjoy the last one we
walked into the restaurant and we were
met with something that would make
Gordon
cry wait what let's go right welcome to
Hell's Kitchen Las Vegas congratulations
on behalf of the Hell's Kitchen team sir
oh no way are you kidding me without
further Ado anytime you're ready sir all
right let's do it yeah and as we were
getting congratulated we were met with
something that is only exclusive to
Gordon's eyes we don't do do this often
only from one person and one person only
which is Gordon Ramsey every time he
visit this house Chef they have a
special salute and we were not ready for
this special surprise you
ready you ready you ready up
there all three I need everybody give me
a big old hell yeah 1 2 3 hell
yeah congratulations brother oh my
without further Ado please let me show
you oh my God I did not expect that at
all I'm shaking let me tell you your
journey is like no other honestly being
honored to actually welcome you into the
end of the journey thank you so much
pleasure we got our drinks that had a
special note from Gordon and of course
we couldn't forget about the beef
wellington Drew and I had to finish this
challenge off with how we started it BR
I'm having Deja Vu this is exactly what
we got 10 days ago at the first house
kitchen in San Diego you're right we
were met with more complimentary items
to celebrate our achievement cheers to
the 23rd and final Gordon Ramsey
restaurant it's been a good one it's
been a journey the Entre were good but
we had to remember the dish that this
journey was all about this is our 20th
Beef Wellington I mean I wish we can
keep going I can't believe we actually
made it to 20 you know what's even
crazier we've been doing this for 10
days so that means we had two beef
wellingtons a day we had two beef
wellingtons a day that is insane and as
manne drew a sounding he seemed to not
care too much this might in fact be the
best one yet I just want to like Savor
this moment right now I thank you for
this wonderful last 20th Beef Wellington
good night Jord good night as our
journey came to an end I was able to
cement myself on the wall of fame at his
most pristine restaurant but when we got
back to our hotel room I was met with an
even bigger surprise wa what are you
doing here I want to say thank you for
joining us tonight but it doesn't end
here cuz I got someone special can you
please sit the fat down right what wait
what we we know who it
is H Hydro it's Gordon oh my are you
kidding wait there's no way there's no
way that's there's no way that's you of
course it's me that's why I'm FaceTiming
you live uh listen thank you for
visiting all those restaurants I wish I
could go on that Journey with you right
now but as you can imagine we're up
against it but I'm hoping you guys are
having fun we're having a blast dude we
ate at all of your restaurants across
the United States we had 20 beef wington
in 10 days I'm so glad that you love
those wellingtons honestly it's been a
staple but more importantly what a
Monumental Journey
um so glad you guys are doing it been
insane can I ask you just one question
uh of course you can ask me anything can
you call Drew an idiot sandwich bro what
damn hold on I'll just dropped the phone
wait what oh he didn't want to call me
an idiot what we just FaceTime Gordon
ramsy we did what we were literally
trying to get us attention the whole
time and now we were able to FaceTime
him oh my God I can't believe it I
literally cannot believe it there's no
way can we like call him back and as
memorable as that was we also made sure
that we made some memorable moments to
some of the amazing people that we met
along this journey I have $1,000 here
for you my God he's like made my day
thank you so much of course yeah thank
you so much of course thank yeah thank
you holy
smoke take half of this and give it to
the kitchen is that all right with you
that's totally fine with
[Applause]
me