I've seen a bunch of videos of people
going to places with terrible reviews
and raiding them but did you know that
there are places out there that don't
have any reviews at all they're honestly
really rare to find and they don't
always look the most
welcoming um but I've done some digging
and I compiled a list of places with
zero Google reviews and today I'm going
to check them out and review them also I
have to blur out the name of the second
restaurant for legal reasons but um
you'll see why when we get to it since
these places have no reviews whatever
rating I decide to give them becomes the
business's rating
forever or at least until other people
go and review first up on my list of
businesses that I get to decide the fate
of Water Tower
Park so it's uh definitely a park I'm
sure it'll be fun once I start playing
on it and look they even have rebooks
take a book share a book look at that
what other park has Larry the Cucumber
okay there are bugs all over this if
this is what the park with no reviews
looks like what kind of food am I going
to be putting into my body at a
restaurant with zero reviews I need to
stop talking and I need to start
[Music]
playing school project first school
project okay can we go to the next
place
please
I had no idea what I was getting myself
into with this next place it said online
that it was a Kebab Restaurant attached
to a gas station for the sake of this
video I'm just going to refer to this
place as Lucky's Diner so I just got to
what supposedly the um breakfast
restaurant luy's diner I'm also like
this is a gas station right there are no
reviews for luy diner there's no reviews
for the food yet but there is a review
for the gas station based off of just
the review for the gas station things
aren't looking great right um Stephanie
P says don't buy gas from here the gas
has water in it the Department of
Agriculture tested the gas and found
water in the pumps they condemned the
station I got gas from here on August
10th and it ruined my fuel pump and tank
costing me over $700 in Towing and
repairs so not looking great for the
customer service so far now there
weren't any reviews for Lucky's Diner
but there was one review for a
restaurant marked right on top of where
luy's Diner was hands down the the best
Euro spot ever 100% authentic super
quick and friendly service 10 out of 10
would recommend family and friends thank
you for a wonderful end to an amazing
night out for my 11-year wedding
anniversary yeah I'm excited to see the
Romantic atmosphere in there this single
review gave me so much hope that Lucky's
Diner was actually going to really
surprise me and uh I was right about
[Music]
that
which which door do I go in cuz that
that doesn't look like a real place why
is that a jail cell I'm going to try
going in the left door first okay okay
okay I walked in there ready to smell
fresh kebabs and find the perfect spot
for my 11th wedding anniversary but
instead slot machines a mom and her
child in Winter pajamas both sitting at
slot machines so I immediately ran into
the bathroom to process what I just
walked
into did I just uncover some kind of
illegal front why was there a child
sitting at a slot machine what is going
on right now why did someone have their
11th wedding anniversary in here but
look at this bathroom
though um um I need to just Brave it and
I need to go out
there why am I shaking when I finally
got the courage to get out of the
bathroom there were just uh slot
machines everywhere and an abandoned
kitchen that looked like it hadn't been
used and who knows how long I wanted to
find out how long ago Lucky's Diner had
gone under because apparently just 2
years ago someone had spent their 11th
wedding anniversary here and it was the
best ever I was able to pry someone's
Focus off of their machine for a second
just to ask them if they knew anything
and do you guys know did this used to be
restaurant yeah it used to be how long
ago
I know goty run it's over there does he
own it too yeah interesting I walked
over to the gas station which was in
questionable condition and I waited and
waited for the owner to get off the
phone so I could ask him about the place
next door we'll call the owner Lucky by
the way I went up there to buy a few
things just to talk to Lucky but he was
still not interested in my conversation
because he was on the phone until I
asked about the place next door did that
used to be a restaurant over there there
yeah how long ago I don't know to be
honest why I was just wondering I just
saw it on the map and I was I was going
to try it and see if I could eat there
oh no they have like kebabs and stuff oh
yeah yeah yeah it used to be all right
have a good one the review about the
wedding anniversary made me really want
to believe that Lucky's Diner was
actually a real place at some point and
that Google Maps just hadn't updated yet
but with the way lucky responded to me
and didn't have a straight answer I
really started to wonder what
accidentally stumbled
across what do you think Elena Brown is
going to do when she has her 13th
wedding anniversary and she goes in
there and then now her and her husband
are just going to have to play Slots I
knew the chance of me getting actual
food in there was kind of a gamble but I
didn't think it was like actually a
gamble I didn't realize that this video
would require detective work I didn't
feel like I had enough information or
evidence I guess to leave my review not
yet at least luckily for lucky that
wasn't the last his Diner would see of
me now until then I decided to go to
more restaurants that hadn't been
reviewed yet um to see if I could find
one that actually serves food the next
day I spent an hour driving in the
middle of nowhere to get to a place
called gilban soup here's what it looks
like on Google Street
View I finally got there and I really
had no idea what this building was okay
I just got into the parking lot of
what's supposed to be Jilla bean soup um
where's the soup where's the soup does
anyone see the suit Jill Bean jillan
where are you jillan where are you
what's going on over here and I was
getting all sorts of signs that I wasn't
supposed to be there like my camera just
refusing to record or even all of the
signs that were telling me that I wasn't
supposed to be there no admittance
except company employees and persons on
company business oh my gosh just say
don't come in if you don't work for us
but what do you do I guess I'm a
trespasser wait am I recording myself
like committing a crime right now like
right there that's where gilban soup is
supposed to be in that building right
there I just want some soup I got out of
there because I'm covering government
secrets just feels like so much worse
please don't arrest me Joe Biden please
I got to get out of here before they uh
turn me into soup so
bye-bye so I drove another hour through
nowhere to a place with zero reviews
that was hopefully actually a restaurant
this time I looked at this place it says
that they're open online completely
tinted windows again I'm about to try to
go in I was doing some research I really
couldn't find any reviews or anything
I'm really hoping this is a real
[Music]
place wait there's a little bug at least
hold
on I can't believe I drove like an hour
for this but if I wouldn't have driven I
wouldn't have been able to see him he's
he's probably the most that City Cafe
has to offer City Cafe appears to be
closed even though it says it was open
online I don't know what's going on in
here but they accept Visa Mastercard
American Express and discover but they
don't accept me hi um I was just curious
is the the building next door it's a
cafe but she's closed oh okay is it like
closed permanently she was here last
week but she wasn't here she doesn't
open Monday it's still open as of last
week so it's just open periodically I
guess I mean she takes vacation every
now and then she posts it on her
Facebook okay I don't have Facebook okay
okay well thank you oh my gosh wait is
that true City Cafe is just run by like
a woman who like just takes vacation
whenever she wants she's like I'll call
it City Cafe because it's only open when
I'm in the city I really respect this
business model I need to do more
research on this I'm
fascinated I ended up finding the
Facebook page and the City Cafe just
seems to be a club that only opens when
the owner needs more money to go on
vacation and close the club again I was
getting so tired of driving so far just
for these restaurants to look like they
were some kind of like sketchy front for
something so I decided to go to a place
with zero reviews that I knew I could
count on at the moment oras the kids
would say
ATM I went to an ATM and reviewed it I
still felt like I didn't have enough
information on luy's Diner to review it
yet and I wanted to gather some more
evidence to determine if like what was
going on there was actually illegal or
not but there was just one problem I had
talked to Lucky when I was there last
since I had just asked him a bunch of
questions about it the day before if he
saw me walk into his little abandoned
restaurant Casino thing with my camera
out he would know that I'm up to
something to my knowledge he's never
really on the restaurant side of the gas
station but when I was in the gas
station the first time I saw his
security cameras on the TV and one of
the cameras is pointed at the entrance
of luy's Diner so I did what any normal
person would do
okay I bought a hat and some makeup and
disguised myself so that I could go
undercover and do some digging on what I
thought could be an illegal gambling
operation that was fronting as a Kebab
Restaurant I looked
terrifying so I FaceTime my friend to
see if my disguise was good
enough wait that's not
COI it it is me but wait a minute would
you let me into your illegal gambling
operation that is the craziest thing
I've ever
seen I'm I like can't even hold the
camera up to my face like it's really
scaring me for 3 seconds when I answered
the call I thought somebody like changed
their name or something and called me
and I answered the phone to some random
guy I'm going to go bust a diner now
that I looked like I'd come up to you
and ask you where is my hug at it was
finally time to gather some more
evidence for my review of course I went
on a Friday during the day so that
hopefully everyone would be at work and
I could do my investigation in peace but
there was a whole group of people in
there on the machines I'm going to try
to acquire as much evidence that I can
that these are unlicensed machines any
kind of information that I can get and I
can't get caught recording I'm watching
people walk out of the diner and into
the gas station and then walk back to
the diner so I think what's going on is
they're running out of cash and then
going to ask for more and then having to
go back in and there's a lot of people
in there mainly like middle-aged men oh
I could literally be killed right now
what is this video turned into lucky
you're going down I'm coming for you in
your Diner I'm going to go in now and go
straight to the bathroom oh I'm so
scared I was so nervous that I was
walking into a gambling ring that kicks
you out if you're not like a regular
maybe I would have had a better chance
of fitting in if I would have worn my
winter pajamas and had my mom bring me
but uh I wanted to test if these slot
machines were actually licensed or or
not basically all slot machines have to
be licensed and regulated by the
government to show that they're not just
rigged to steal people's money to test
if these machines were licensed or not I
decided to look casual and uh sit down
and try playing now I wasn't going to
actually sit down and try to play and
win something mainly because uh
operating an illegal gambling machine is
a Class 2 misdemeanor with up to a year
of jail time but when I hit play it
didn't ask to scan my ID I'm 19 most C
don't even let you on the floor if
you're under 21 let alone play the
actual slot machine so my first thought
was like okay so these machines are fake
right cuz like if anyone of any age can
play on these machines then these people
aren't playing for actual money then
just a few machines down for
me the guy a few machines down for me
puts money into the actual machine so
now I know that these people are playing
for actual money and they're just going
back and forth from the machines to the
gas station to get more money to spend
on the machines that are taking their
money then going back to the gas station
getting more money going back like the
whole time lucky is just profiting off
of their addiction but that still didn't
answer my question was luy's Diner ever
a real place there were too many people
in there and they all started to look at
me and so obviously talk about me in a
language that I didn't understand and
when a gambling addict takes their eyes
off of their slot machine to look at
you uh you get out of there so I booked
it out of there with the evidence that I
had gotten so far and tried to move on
to the next place with zero reviews I've
come to this railroad to review it
because uh you can do that apparently
not to derail the video here but um I
can't stop thinking about luy's Diner
remember that review that I found before
I went to Lucky's Diner that was like ah
it's my 11th anniversary blah blah blah
like I checked the profile of the person
who left that review and they left a
review on a similar restaurant about
their 11th anniversary on the same day
which leads me to believe that this may
have never been a restaurant and that
that person person just accidentally
left the review on the wrong restaurant
and then went and found the right one to
leave the review on after I figured that
out I was like well how long has this
not been a restaurant and I did some
more digging I maybe dug a little bit
too far on the internet and found the
public business records of the gas
station and the guy in charge there
lucky as we're calling him the guy that
I spoke with at the counter has been
there since 2007 all right this has been
in business since 2007 and his name is
The Only Name signed as the business
owner and on your annual Business Report
every year you have to list what the
nature of your businesses right the
description and since 2007 lucky has
been riding down gas and groceries and
since it said gas and groceries I was
like well maybe it once was a grocery
store like how long has this front been
running and I found a review for the gas
station from 4 years ago store was okay
but they have slot machines right beside
it which means that Lucky's been getting
away with this for at least 4 years now
but if I had to guess I think he's been
getting away with this for more like 8
years because in 2015 on his public
business business records he started
referring to his business as rental
property what happened to gas and
groceries why can't you call it gas and
groceries anymore lucky is it because
you're not selling groceries is it okay
ow so this man has allegedly been
running an illegal gambling operation
for over 8 years now with unlicensed
slot machines with no way to tell if
they're rigged or not that kids can play
on and he's been getting away with it
the entire time oh also this railroad is
pretty cool
so
also I'm not leaving my review on
Lucky's Diner just yet um I just don't
think it's fair at least not until this
case is closed but in the meantime let's
go see if padil circus Pizza is a front
for another crime or if I will finally
be able to fulfill my dream of just
eating at a restaurant it looks like
it's just a gas station so I'm really
afraid that I stumbled across another
illegal front what did this video turn
into I really hope that I just get some
pizza I really hope hope that one of
these places this is the place where I
finally just eat food and review it like
a normal person I'm tired of doing
detective work this is not what I signed
up for okay let's go hopefully eat some
pizza on the map it showed that there
was supposed to be a building behind the
gas station but uh I went back there no
building what I was heartbroken okay I
just wanted some food from at least one
restaurant that I could review since the
building behind it just like didn't
exist I walked into the gas station and
I saw it
pizza and I know what you might be
thinking koi that's not padil circus
pizza that's just gas station pizza and
to that I say what is wrong with you why
can't I just have one thing why can't I
be happy I've never been this excited
about gas station
Pizza padilly circus Pizza I know this
isn't you this is Minute Man kitchen
oh oh for the sake of the video I'm
going to consider this pck circus Pizza
why is that stiff let's
[Music]
just oh no no no no no no thanks
surprisingly not even worth a
$189 oh I really hate it I really hate
it now that I had finally found a place
to eat at and
review there was only one last review to
leave good afternoon City Police
Department how I help you hi I'm just uh
calling about what I believe to be an
illegal gambling operation that's uh
fronting as a restaurant that sells
kebabs for
[Music]
breakfast