one star reviews on Yelp are insane have
you ever left a one star review
somewhere I haven't look at this one I'm
so sick and tired of steak never coming
back to the steakhouse one star what do
you even mean by that Diane why did you
go look I have collected the craziest
one star Yelp reviews across all of
America and I am gonna put them to the
test because these people are either
lying or in desperate need of a class
action lawsuit and that's actually one
of the threats of one of the one star
reviews we're looking at today which is
crazy my only rule for this challenge is
I have to leave a five-star review at
every restaurant but I can't lie I just
recently moved into this space too so
I'm looking for excuses to buy
decorations and stuff
let's go to California fortunately I'm
on my way to LA with an appetite for
Chinese food which leads me to New Panda
Buffet this is the Google street view of
the place
I'm excited best case scenario I enjoy
my evening at New Panda Buffet worst
case scenario I get a 20 fill up box
from KFC so this is the first review
that I stumbled upon when I found this
Yelp page bear with me here it's a long
one yes me and my lovely beautiful
fiance and mother of my children we were
kid-free today because it's Mother's Day
and we wanted some good food so I say
hey I was calling a new spot a new Panda
Buffet so they they come up and ask what
do we want to drink we both ordered
strawberry soda so my fiance goes get
her food the waitress comes back with
the sodas and has too much in her hand
and sits them down on the table and
Spills it all over me in my 400 clothing
and 200 sneakers
one star
not a single comma the ride to the
restaurant was quite enjoyable apart
from my crippling inability to not
create small talk you ever been to New
Panda Buffet
[Music]
I'm in Los Angeles California I flew
here specifically because this
restaurant's yelpage is actually the
most hilarious thing I have ever seen
Jason M said saw person legit walk out
of the bathroom after taking a massive
dump and not wash their hands only to go
over to the desserts and touch about
five to six before deciding on one
one star the best way to describe the
whole Yelp page is unhinged if you look
at the world's usage of the word
unhinged it's perfectly correlated with
this restaurant you've got this guy
saying he gets food poisoning every time
he comes here which to me implies you've
been here at least five six times
haven't learned your lesson you've got
Cody ready to eat his orange chicken and
maybe confusing of all you've got not
one
but dozens of car repair photos
what where
before and after is this new Panda
Buffet or the Chamber of Secrets
definitely New Panda Buffet look I don't
know what I'm gonna rate Five Stars
about this place but I know for a fact
I'm gonna fall in love with this
restaurant let's go try it
oh no I'm can I eat here
oh yes please these share prices
thank you
bye-bye
[Music]
eventually someone else brought me to my
booth yeah for the most part we're
looking at a standard buffet restaurant
but also some of these images feel like
a place that I have been trapped in in a
recurring nightmare like I can't escape
this location like I keep I have
recurring dreams in which I can't can I
get an Orange Crush thank you Hiatus
ordered an orange crush I never order
Orange Crush What's Happening Here okay
we've got our orange Fanta here
plenty of carbonation
I'm like 50 sure that's Oliver tree
I need to go get a plate all right let's
process what has happened so far I
accidentally said goodbye to the hostess
I ordered an orange crush and my third
favorite artist from 2022 is eating at a
booth 10 feet away from me but for now
my focus is on these desserts and how
many unwashed hands have touched them
this plate looks like people have
literally picked up slices held them and
put them back look I'm no expert on
sanitation but these suckers work good
yeah yeah I know I like that I grabbed
some potatoes some chicken and some
orange chicken in honor of Cody on my
way back I tried to inconspicuously film
Oliver tree I feel weird in retrospect I
don't know why I did this this is so
disrespectful guys this is a good plate
of food can I just cut right to the
chase
the potatoes are insane the potatoes are
actually delicious the chicken
the chicken's really good too they've
got good music playing here and
everything seems to be going well the
services the service is good apparently
this is a popular spot for La
celebrities I think I have enough
information to leave a review
[Music]
I'm on the move baby look if I'm gonna
do this I gotta be inconspicuous
I just recently learned that word I also
bought this silly hat and sunglasses
recently I don't know it makes me feel
fun like a fun person this is the next
restaurant I'm going to it literally has
the lowest reviews I've ever seen
and the crazy thing is the five star
reviews seem sarcastic like they don't
seem sincere MSC possibly Emma
Chamberlain said three mice crawled up
her shoulder and threw down five stars
so at this point I don't know who to
trust also there's only one question and
answer on the L page and it's this
question how is the sanitation answer
awful there are rats hanging from the
ceiling
what what does that even mean
let's get to Miami
out of the many reasons someone would
want to fly to Miami this is this is
probably not on the list
[Music]
I found myself in an Uber to Ocean's 10.
[Music]
we made it to Miami Beach
that's it that's the restaurant right
there it's it's one of the lowest rated
restaurants in America doesn't have a
sign doesn't have a sign
it doesn't have a sign it's so loud out
here I can't even the service was slow
and the server was manipulative the food
was cold and not seasoned at all a total
waste of time and money Sabrina didn't
help the situation any being such a
conniving server one star conniving
involved in conspiring to do something
immoral Sabrina
oh my goodness 44 of Sam's group got
food poisoning here Rosie's review is
basically a haiku and I've got to find a
way to leave a five-star review at this
place
I'm going in
hello
hey
are you Sabrina no my name is okay okay
can I get one table just for one Carrie
showed me to my table I'm I'm on edge a
little bit walking to my table right now
don't know why maybe it's the Hat
regardless I took some time to look over
the menu and found some mozzarella
sticks for 18 and a burger for 20. what
is going on if you thought those prices
were outrageous look at these what is a
parallada would it 325 dollars no rats
hanging from the ceiling
it's actually quite nice
I'm literally the only person here and
I've been waiting for 10 minutes
[Music]
16 minutes in I placed my order for the
mozzarella sticks in the burger and then
something from a one star review
happened she did just take my credit
card before I even
I ate anything before I even got water I
saw a few reviews say that they do that
because if they have your credit card
then you can't beg for a refund this is
crazy this is this is the craziest video
I've ever made
still me under here guys you might not
have recognized me I got a water and a
Sprite took a sip of my Sprite and boy
that is some good sprite I've got myself
a meal right here I mean the food looks
good it looks really good I'm a sucker
for mozzarella sticks in terms of
Cuisine what is it
this is not a good mozzarella stick the
menu said hand breaded there's no way
these are hand breaded the burger looks
solid kind of hard to mess up a burger
and it was good I it was it was yummy
okay I was absolutely destroying this
burger when a waiter came up to me and
said this
hey thank you
God I'm ready to leave my review
oh you thought this was just a photo in
the Yelp review no this is a
transitional element in the video at
large because I didn't know how to move
on to the next segment of where I'm kind
of not at the restaurant anymore so this
is what I thought would work out
I'm gonna cut to a clip now look at this
view huh get a load of this I'm actually
so bloated right now I just the food was
good I genuinely would rate that place
five stars for complimenting my hat and
look at this view this is just a walk
away from the restaurant I'm gonna soak
up these waves because I've got a crazy
journey ahead of me
yeah
tomorrow I'm going to
[Music]
I was gonna say Tennessee but I thought
it would be more interesting if we
abruptly cut to the next day
it was probably underwhelming
just like that I'm back at the airport
and I'm on my way to the next one star
review can you guys
I got the people sitting next to me to
get a shot of the window can we all just
comment thank you I got a rental car
because our next stop is actually across
state lines in Mississippi this
restaurant is located right outside of a
college campus which means it's popular
for graduation parties and late night
Hangouts with young adults I did not
have a college experience
two
King's Steakhouse that's a fun name I
thought there wasn't a sign on this one
either but there is there's a there's a
little sign is that it's a it's a really
small sign I'm in Oxford Mississippi
it's it's a really pretty town this is
where Ole Miss the college campus is
super pretty area however this
restaurant we need to talk about this
restaurant CJ's review here it might be
it might be the most unique review I've
ever read that food is so trash I
finished my entire portion in five
minutes and 11 seconds I paid 29 which
translates to roughly a dollar out of my
pocket every 10 seconds to top it all
off my pork chop was swamped in enough
pepper to harm a small child I can only
say that I'm disappointed to say the
least one star the Precision of this
review how did he know he finished his
meal in exactly five minutes and 11
seconds why did he calculate the amount
of dollars he spent per second how does
he know how much pepper is required to
harm children these are my questions
Melody's review is just depressing
really I came here twice same experience
they just don't care about you they
never will come on Star we're here for
you melody
where he we are
somebody check on her and finally this
review from Sandy is mostly crazy
because she said it was so loud the
entire time that my husband and I
literally had to text each other to
communicate one star that's insane there
are three cars here how loud could it be
in there regardless I'm going inside and
leaving a five-star review
I walked in didn't see a single person
nobody thought it was closed actually a
few minutes later somebody took me to a
table but no one was here again needless
to say this place was empty like empty
uh I feel like a loser in here as if it
didn't feel empty enough literally the
wall art is just more Empty Tables whose
idea was that what's happening I looked
over the menu a bit unsettled on you
guessed it mozzarella sticks I also
ordered a one pound ribeye steak okay
I'll get the rib eye screw it I just
spent so much money
you guys got to get a load of these
mozzarella sticks
[Music]
what
[Music]
now these are handmade these are
actually the best mozzarella sticks I've
ever had I've eaten mozzarella sticks
since I was like a baby like this is my
primary food source for the past 20
years 12 bucks for this
I licked the cheese straight off my
fingers and took a trip to the bathroom
toilet works that's good but when I wash
my hands I got absolutely blasted by the
water pressure of this sink
while I was in the bathroom all of my
food arrived Magic
[Music]
something crazy with you guys as my
Witnesses we saw that CJ was able to
finish his food in 5 minutes and 11
seconds well
I'm gonna try to beat that I don't think
I've ever finished eating a steak in my
life much less in a time limit
so with that being said roll the clock
I'm coming for you CJ I got off to a
really good start like I don't think
I've ever eaten a steak this fast but
then I started to really slow down quite
a bit
I'm out of breath
I gotta call it this took me 48 minutes
and 27 seconds to eat and I'm halfway
the food was so good but I spent 62
dollars and one cent yeah I think I'm
ready to go
to go
to go box to go box to go drink
I'm gonna leave a review now
[Music]
there's nothing like driving across
state lines with a belly full of steak
I'm still just confused how CJ ate all
that food in five minutes it's gonna
mess with me all night
no information why why does no one have
answers
I need answers
I woke up the next day and packed my
bags for our next stop in Montana never
been there before Helena I've actually
always wanted to go to Montana and to
make things better look at this View
are you seeing this first time to Helena
or Montana yes both really well really
welcome thank you you're welcome we're
just gonna need to bump you up a couple
of notches to a mid-sized uh SUV
four-wheel drive Dodge Durango amazing
sounds good work for you yeah I actually
love Dodge Durango
I like happy customers there we go yeah
where's that guys Brian from Hertz in
Montana Legend y'all this is crazy I'm
in a Dodge Durango Dodge Durango has
been my dream car since I was like 10.
this is insane shout out to Brian up
front with the voice it's a Durango
thing you wouldn't get it
I'm driving about an hour to an Asian
buffet in the middle of rural Montana
[Music]
Asia Buffet
if you look up the location furthest
from Asia I'm standing on the exact
coordinates I'm in Montana it smells
good here but listen that's not why this
restaurant is notorious okay it's
notorious because apparently the owner
kicks you out if you don't finish your
meal and if you don't leave an extra tip
on your way out he bans you for life
sorry listen to what Barb had to say got
kicked out because my five-year-old
didn't eat all the food on his plate one
star now that's scary I almost always
miscalculate my desired portion size at
buffets and if he has the audacity to
kick a five-year-old out I mean I
I don't know what I'm doing David said
we've been going here since it first
opened and tonight the owner tried to
shake my pockets for tip and got mad at
my baby because he didn't clear his
plate completely I gave him a small tip
because we literally serve ourselves and
he told us we are banned for life one
star
what do you mean the owner tried to
shake down your pockets David
what do you mean David Jan is literally
trying to organize a class action
lawsuit against them for this stuff I
mean these are not isolated incidents is
the thing about it and finally Alexander
said one of the worst buffets I've ever
been to and just in case you missed that
he said it again one star frankly this
is the most scared I've been to enter an
establishment
ever
I don't want to get banned from an Asian
buffet in Montana connected to a Comfort
Inn I don't want that on my resume
that's why I went to an ATM before this
and got a cash I got money I have to
test these reviews so I'm gonna leave
some food on my plate and I'm leaving
the tip in the car so he thinks I didn't
tip him but in reality I've got a crisp
20 bill with Asia Buffet written all
over it I literally wrote it on there on
the bill all right guys
let's do this
[Music]
so I'm walking into Asia Buffet with
some serious fear and resentment towards
whatever is going to happen in here
I see the owner giving cookies to a
small child can I get an instant replay
on that this is the cutest thing I've
ever seen it almost feels like a setup
hello I'm just gonna get a table for one
one yep
okay I gave him a one dollar tip because
there were some reviews saying that he
gets upset at small tips he was so
grateful but as soon as I walked to my
table I started to realize the reviews
might have some truth to them please
take all you want but please eat what
you take we reserve the right to refuse
service to anyone help keep the
environment a little Greener only take
the napkins you need guys read between
the lines everybody this owner is not
tyrannical he's a a conservationist no
but honestly I kind of understand what
where he's coming from anyways I got a
little Hong Kong beef orange chicken
fried rice and this cute little cookie
that's plate number one my first plate
was actually really good I enjoyed the
food thoroughly so I went back up for a
second plate and in this moment I'm
genuinely nervous I'm gonna miscalculate
my portion size this time I tried the
dumplings and chicken some more chicken
and a bit of lo mein and yet again
another yummy plate I'm going in for a
third plate dessert I got a little bit
more than I knew I could eat knowing
that I had to leave some food on my
plate to test this review the desserts
were good they were now I left my cookie
untouched and made sure that the owner
could see it
let's see what happens
thank you have a good night you too
bye-bye
I am sprinting to get my tip I left food
on my plate I only tipped one dollar and
I have only seen kindness from this
owner there's only one last thing to do
at Asia Buffet in Montana grab a 20 with
Asia Buffet written all over it
okay I forgot to leave uh thank you so
much no I
[Music]
[Music]
it's okay thank you you wouldn't accept
the tip
that was the nicest man I've ever met
everything they said about him was
reversed I just put the 20 like on the
counter and ran out this is why you
can't always trust one star reviews okay
it is probably so hard to run a buffet
but that was a good one that was a good
Buffet I've got I've got a review ready
[Music]
my stomach is actually just it's
actually just it's oh I drove to the
airport flew all the way home to Texas
because I've got one more thing to do
honey I'm home ah I don't know guys that
just blew my mind that was the most
wholesome thing ever almost as wholesome
as this t-shirt two kittens wearing
cowboy hats y'all I just did another
howdy drop we've got this shirt the
rules of the task force on the back and
if you're a little bit more of a
minimalist check out these huh yeah
howdy howdy.com Link in description but
guys the main reason I left to do these
reviews is to get decorations for this
room and I think I've got something
perfect for that spot
oh
[Music]