Hello everybody welcome back to another
video I am so excited for this video
today's video we are going to be going
to all of Gordon Ramsey's restaurants in
London now he has a lot of restaurants
and the thing is Gordon Ramsey gives off
this big bravado that he is the best of
the best so I want to see if his
restaurants are the best of the best
people have said that I'm like the Simon
cow of restaurant reviews I'm very
honest so if I don't like something it
is not going to be praised all right
even if it is Gordon Ramsey who love
that guy I do I love that guy I think
he's genius and also I just feel like
feel like he's a good guy feel like he's
a good guy at his call if we go onto his
website he has so many different
restaurants I have actually been to
restaurant Gordon Ramsey before I did a
whole YouTube sh on my review of the
experience which was incredible I had
never done anything like that before I
have noticed that a few of the
restaurants have the same menu for
example the head and Street Kitchen and
the bread Street Kitchen both have the
exact same menu so I am just going to go
to one of them and then for example the
seavoy as well there's like three
different restaurants that he has in the
SEO so I feel like we can just go to one
of those Street pizza's a bit of a chain
so there's a few of them so I only go to
one of those and the same with Street
Burger which I am so intrigued about but
I thought would be interesting to see
how he does a fast food restaurant
because he's normally like quite alakar
Gourmet so I'm very intrigued to see how
it will go down the first place that we
have booked to go to is lucky cat so
let's get
going lucky cat is an Asian inspired
restaurant that he has when we walk in
the vibe was quite cool it felt like a
bit new yorky I chose the lunch menu
because it was £38 per person instead of
being £ 38 per person for just one sushi
roll it's normally so extraordinarily
expensive and also the lunch menu had
some great things on it this is the
proper menu if you want to pause and see
what they've got now for the starters
it's actually a really good deal you get
every single one of the things suggested
I started off with the edame and oh my
goodness I think it was the best edame I
had ever had in my home die live I don't
know why sometimes they can be really
soft or hard but they were just right we
had the guoa which were okay they didn't
blow me away but they were they were
okay and then all the other bits of the
starters the starters started off strong
and I will say as well the was
absolutely Majestic they were so
attentive they literally couldn't do
enough for us then we moved on to the
main courses where you get to pick one
we picked the steak and the salmon the
steak was cold it was cold I will say
though it was really succulent even
though it was cold so I can't imagine
what it's like if it was warm the rice
was just good rice and the salmon was
cooked to Perfection it was kind of
melty in the middle still nothing that
blew me away now we have to test out a
very strong element of the restaurant
experience
I wasn't sure if I would like the
dessert cuz it had tofu in it but they
knew what they were doing every single
texture and element in here was
fantastic the dessert was a solid solid
10 out of 10 and then we had the shock
of Our
Lives feel like I'm going to throw
why am i
f for very good reason we sat we were
about to have our dessert yeah Gordon
Ramson walks by we're like what the heck
freak out a little bit he goes to like a
little back room we're sat there we wait
maybe I think we've been waiting maybe
half an hour and a half hour and a half
we've been waiting oh I love this in the
bushes so basically what Happ on watch
it's time to rock and roll and then
thought oh maybe I'll get a coffee as
she's speaking to the waiter her eyes go
like this I don't miss I miss the call I
was trying to nonverbally Signal like
but I was more thinking about the fact
they don't do ice coffees points
deducted Gordon come on and then honna
tells me that he just walked by and and
we think he's gone so I was like fine
let's just call this a day put on our
coats as we're walking out he walks by
we're like and then he goes to us what
did he say I said thank you ladies happy
New Year
byebye I said take me
he's Charming he is he is a Charming Man
Charming Charming smaller than I thought
and no he's exactly like what I what I
thought I wish I thought it felt like I
knew
him
Uncle this restaurant hunt started well
I wonder if I see him at any of the
others if I see him anymore he'll be
like is this girl talking me no he'll
just be like you can just be like listen
but I don't know what I didn't just say
when to get in the vid cuz I feel like
you know when to say pictures or it
didn't happen Gordon do you want to get
in the vid I'm going to do one big Pro
and one con for each restaurant and then
at the end we can do a full debrief big
Pro with the starters absolutely chef's
kiss so delicious I also feel like the
lunch menu is really good value for
money considering normally you pay £38
for like one of the sushi items so if
you're going to go there try and go for
the lunch menu the con for the mains I
just wasn't wowed by the mains the steak
was a bit cold and it was quite salty I
feel like there wasn't much flavor
happening it was like salt was the main
event and then obviously a bonus point
for Gordon cuz he was there and he was
so nice to us it was honestly so nice
also like hats off to him cuz he didn't
have to speak to us but he had the heart
to speak to us and it was absolutely
fantastic now up next we are going to be
going to the Street Pizza Street Pizza
is an unlimited pizza joint and I don't
really have any expectations for this
one so let's see what it's like this is
a really weird area there's like nothing
around the restaurant seem to go hand in
hand so you got the bread Street Kitchen
there and then the Street Pizza down
below so let's go in now The Vibes for
this one were a little off I don't know
if it was because it was a Friday night
and it was really empty but they went
for this industrial sort of theme which
I suppose works really well for the
pizzza and again was quite new yorky but
something just felt a little off it
might be because it was empty anyway you
pay £18 for bottomless pizza and I will
say again the service was fantastic
Gordon Ramsey must be training his
staffs really well now you could choose
any of the pizzas that they had and they
just come around and they do keep you
well stocked it's not like you're
feeling awkward asking for more pizza
like they are keeping that pizza on tap
the garlic and herb dip was also quite
good it kind of tasted a little bit like
Ranch but I would probably get that
again cuz it was a nice addition to the
crust the pizza itself didn't blow me
away it wasn't like the best pizza in
the whole world it was kind of just like
one of those ones that you get from any
sort of pizza joint like kind of Pizza
Express e and I feel like for £18 I
don't know if I can justify as many
slices as I had I did like that they had
a daily special so each day they have a
different flavor and they did have a lot
of different ones that they came around
with and the corn and T it was kind of
fun honestly we also tried out some of
the other things on their menu like the
JFC wings but they do these at a lot of
the other chains that they have I will
say they were quite good and then when
we kind of hit a wall the woman was like
feel free to get up and you can try some
of the stuff that we have and we didn't
realize it was like a whole arcade in
there which was so much fun they kept
loading us up and they just kept on
putting more pizza on
top we have had our pizza and now we're
going to go on this
epic
shooter which I I don't know they have
so many different games to play which I
feel like definitely enhance the
experience and you can make a full-blown
afternoon out of this also feel like
it'll be a good date night because you
can play the games you can have your
pizza it doesn't feel really like forced
and rushed you can just do everything in
your own time and the bit that I liked
the most was that the photoo booth was
free the waitresses and waiters actually
encouraged you to use it as much as you
wanted and it you could use as many
pictures as you want this is so cool you
just get to take as many as you want I
cannot believe that this is free this is
so cool the photo booth thing literally
is free if you could tell I was really
impressed with that but I think it's
because every other photo booth in
London is like £5 for one picture anyway
we went and got our sticky tofy pudding
which was a strong solid dessert to end
on it was a tiny bit dry but then the
sticky tofe sauce kind of did a lot of
the work pro is that it has all of those
little extras you got the photo booth
you got the basketball hoops you got the
Foosball table it's you got so many
little extras also there's a lot of
space like I feel if you went on a
Friday night you're guaranteed to sleep
I mean we went on a Friday night and
there were only two other couples there
I don't really know if it's going to be
able to stay open for a while cuz there
were it was so dead in there con is the
pizza itself the the pizza was just kind
of like good pizza it wasn't out of the
ordinary it was better than a Pizza Hut
but not as good as a Pizza Express I
will say and I know Pizza Express isn't
really something to compare to but I am
a luren lover like pizzza Express luren
I feel like it's one of my favorite
pizzas in the world but I haven't been
to Italy so I can't fully comment on
good pizza and my my confusion with it
is that if it's going for like
affordability cheap unlimited Pizza I
feel like it needs to be a cheaper price
point for that but I will say the
service yet again was an exceptional
experience like the service I don't know
if Gordon Ramsey is hot on waitresses
and waiters being well trained but I
have to say exceptional exceptional time
now little change of tempo again from
the Street Pizza we're going to be going
for the Gordon Ramsey seavoy Grill which
is one of his like classic places and
this serves his iconic Beef Wellington
now his beef wellington is known by many
it is the dessert that Gordon Ramsey has
so we had to try it and see if it lived
up to the hype I've never been to the
surv before so I was so excited to
experience it and they still had their
Christmas decorations up also little fun
fact apparently this is the smallest
Circle or something that taxis can go
around in London I can't remember the
exact fact I'll put it on screen anyway
we got there and we were an hour early
so they actually took us to the American
Bar so we kind of got two experiences
for the price of one I felt a little bit
let down by the interior I feel like
it's kind of teetering on tacky I know
it was the art deco Vibe but it just
didn't feel right anyway we were welcome
with our olives and our cornnuts and
these olives were absolutely great I
also got my hot water um but the olives
honestly I don't know what olives they
were I've never really had ones like it
the color and everything they were just
absolutely gorgeous we had our little
drink and then it was ready to rock and
roll over to the seavoy grill we were
welcomed by a lovely woman who again was
so attentive I keep banging on about it
but the service at all of the Gordon
Ramsey restaurants so far has been fan
flippant tastic the at in here was
really lovely it was very bustly and it
felt like everyone was there for a treat
it did feel like a real occasion
restaurant it felt like everyone was you
know there for a reason there was a
reason for the season they have a set
menu but we were just going to go for a
starter and a main and my favorite thing
they bought out the bread and it was
gorgeous that smoked butter I've never
had anything like it and also it was
really pretty like it look stunning and
they just kept on bringing more bread we
did go through I think three buckets of
bread and there was no judgment which I
really welcomed anyway there was a bit
of a wait for our meal but I do think
that was because we went on a really
busy Sunday the waiter had suggested a
few of the most popular things on the
menu I didn't get the oysters cuz I'm
not a big oyster girl but he did suggest
the sule is apparently the best thing on
the menu it was really good the little
chunks of hadock in there but again it
was very salty kind of similar to Lucky
cat with the steak and the salmon there
wasn't much flavor to it it was my first
time ever having a Savory sule I've
never had one before so it was quite a
fun experience it was really light and
whipped and it was delicious but just a
touch too salty and it was nice to mop
up all that sauce with that gorgeous
bread now we had to wait a really long
time for our MS but they eventually came
this was the beef wellington which is
obviously the thing that Gordon is
praised for they recommended we get
mashed potato and carrots on the side
now we were so disappointed by our Mains
probably more so than any of the other
restaurants I just went for the Sunday
roast but even look at those carrots
there's nothing fun to them this is also
a personal preference but I hate it when
I go for a roast and they give me a jeo
I want proper fill on gravy these
potatoes were a standout item from every
single restaurant I went to I don't know
what Herby seasoning he's putting on
those but they were the best Rose
potatoes I think I have ever had in my
life now look at this burnt it was a
burnt Beef Wellington and also even the
Yorkshire pudding like it was all just
very underwhelming and a little like
cluster it definitely did not live up to
the hype and our table next us actually
sent their meals back but the waiter was
so good about it and I was kind of
tempted because my beef was so tough
like I couldn't even chew it I didn't
even finish it which is saying something
for me like look at that really gamy bit
of fat it was not good I tell you what I
went to the toilets and they were a
whole moment I feel like you need just a
moment to appreciate these absolutely
stunning
toilets
because there had been such a long wait
between each thing we didn't really want
to get dessert and also there was
nothing chocolatey on there so we just
went home I would not go back 100% I
wouldn't recommend it to a friend the
biggest Pro was the service we had the
most lovely waiter of all time he was
fantastic and as I mentioned the meat
from the table next to us got sent back
and he was so attentive so helpful so
kind to them and I will just say the
food was not good it just wasn't good
the beef wellington was burnt the meat
was chewy everything was really salty
and there was no chocolate dessert on
the menu which if you've watched my
videos for long enough there always
needs to be a chocolate dessert on the
menu okay that's just that's just what
needs to happen Gordon Ramsey of boy
Grill does not get a thumbs up from me
we've done Street Pizza now we're off to
Street Burger Street Burger had very
similar Vibes to Street Pizza I can
definitely see that they're part of the
same chain it was very empty just like
Street Pizza as well but we were there
on a Monday so I guess that's why now we
just went for the chips and the burger
deal which is £18 but as you can see on
the side they do have the same wings
that you can get at Street Pizza they
also had a few different side options we
thought we would get a few different
things to try and see if they were any
good or not all got this burger cuz it
was recommended by the waiter and I also
got the side curly fries and we also got
the onion rings and the chopped salad
cuz I feel like we wanted to make sure
that we gave it a good go this was the
chopped salad and oh my goodness the
fries that they have at Street bger are
unreal I haven't had a good chip like
that in such a long time I feel like
places really need to learn how to do
their chips again because these were
amazing the seasoning they were crispy
on the outside fluffy in the middle and
then we moved on to the onion rings at
this point we are buzzed because it was
such a great experience the onion rings
we but all said were the best onion
rings that we have ever had in our life
they were crispy they were crunchy they
had flavoring they had seasoning also
all the different sources kind of fun
absolutely Sublime but then we have the
stark contrast of the chopped salad and
the burger being such a let down it's
such a hard one to judge to go from
having the most delicious onion ring of
ever to having this weird chopped salad
that had a really weird seasoning on it
was kind of like paprika I don't know it
just felt wrong and then this burger I
mean there's a tiny bit of juice there
but I feel like a big tell to sign of if
the burger is going to be good or not is
if they are how you want it done but
they didn't ask they just cooked them
all like this and as you can see it's so
dry not juicy and it was just Bland and
disappointing and then to top it off
they didn't have any of the dessert
options we wanted to try and get this
edible chocolate cup because it was on
all of the tables but they didn't even
have it so it's a bit disappointing guys
I'm really disappointed cuz Street
Burger again was not good if you're a
burger place you need to make sure that
the burgers are fantastic absolutely
mount on the mou gorgeous it was dry dry
dry dry it was not good at all but the
sides the sides were amazing but again
they didn't have on every single table
it had this little sign for the
chocolate cup and ice cream so if you're
going to have that on every table have
it in stock they didn't even have it and
they didn't have any of the other
dessert options again they're doing
their sides and their drinks really well
but the mains are just letting them down
let's see if headen Street Kitchen can
wow us over headen Street Kitchen is
kind of an in between it's kind of a
more relaxed dining experience and it
has the same menu as the bread Street
Kitchen because I'd already done a lunch
and a dinner at all the other
restaurants I thought I would try out
their breakfast menu and I have heard
good things about the breakfast menu
there it was a really nice vibe in there
it kind of just felt like any sort of
restaurant than you get in a town it
didn't feel different from many places
just like a leather chair classic
obviously we got to check out the toilet
because it's a very important part of
the experience I actually got a bit lost
trying to go back because it has this
like bit in the middle and you can't
really find the door out I was a bit
lost but again it was very very quiet
there was only about four other people
in there the ex Florentine I mean look
at it I feel like it just looks like
it's been piped on there I got the
pancakes with the bacon as a side and
the bacon was not crispy as I like it
the eggs were cooked to Perfection as
you can see nice and runny but not too
runny I feel like they did really well
with that and the pancakes I mean the
pancakes were all right I feel like
bills do better I could take it or leave
it if there was nowhere else to go I
would go to the head and Street Kitchen
my pancakes were not that fantastic and
the service wasn't great and The Vibes
just weren't there again I felt a bit
disappointed by this one I did onto the
final restaurant of all the restaurants
I've saved the most fancy experience
until last this was Petrus and this is
like the bougie one of all it is a real
fine dining experience it was £1 1220
per person but they also have 150b per
person menu but we went for the seasonal
I will say that there are so many little
hidden costs that you can have he came
to us at the start he's like do you want
extra truffle do you want cavat all
these like little things that I was just
I just felt bit overwhelmed and I also
feel like in fancy places it's never
nice turning something down because you
feel real Cheapo and even like asking
for a tap water I did feel a bit a
little bit on edge by turning those
things down like if it say it already
says it in the menu caviat extra cost
this I can see if I want caviar I'm
going to get caviar but I don't want
caviar so don't ask me if I want caviar
because it's too expensive thank you The
Vibes here were quite Immaculate
actually there was something about it
that kind of gave me conference room
Vibe but I also felt very comfortable
even considering it felt really fancy we
got our little Mo B which oh my my
goodness this cheese thing it tastes
like a cheesee scone but miniature it
was great and it was kind of like melt
in the mouth it was warm it was really
good so we were off to a good start then
they came over and they poured this this
tasted like it would have healed any
sort of alien that I had it was the most
delicious broth ever and then they moved
in with more bread and there were a lot
of things that we had these scallops
were so tough and bouncy I kind of am
firing through here because there were
so many things but this deserves like 10
minutes of appreciation this was deer
and I've never had deer before but oh
dear because it was one of the most
amazing Meats I've ever had in such a
contrast to all the other meats that I
consumed at the Gordon Ramsey
restaurants and then they finished with
these little melines and the little
chocolates so it was quite a pleasant
experience I feel like for a fine dining
experience the service was great the
unlimited bread was fantastic and it was
it was good it didn't blow me away I
feel like this one deserves more credit
than I gave it because I I am still
thinking about like deer that I had it
was the most succulent meat I've ever
had in my life I've never had deer
though so I haven't got much else to
compare it to but the like Flavor
pairings of that really was amazing but
then it was such a fine dining
restaurant and so expensive that I BL
and hope it would be in comparison to
those scallops which were so dry and
bouncy probably the worst scallops I've
ever had in my life so it's hard to
judge cuz I feel like all the
restaurants are such a contrast you have
one thing that's really good like the
curly fries at the burger place and then
you have something really bad like the
burger or the scallops it's just it's
just a weird contrast so all in all we
had quite a mixed bag from the golden
Ramsey experience I feel like the main
takeaways service fantastic the waiters
and waitresses are so well trained they
are so attentive and they really want to
do a good job and the service of a meal
is a real big part that I feel like
people don't often take into
consideration but honestly the service
from Gordon Ramsey's restaurants big up
the waiters and waitresses they know
what they're doing number two I feel
like the starters the drinks the
desserts all of those were so good in
every restaurant Mains were lacking were
lacking finesse and I feel like
especially the meat the burger the beef
wellington the meat in my roast those
sorts of things were not on point I
don't know if they maybe need to get a
different meat supplier maybe it's a
meat Supply issue cuz for example in my
roast it was cooked to Perfection but
they're like it was just gamming it was
was just a bad bit of beef the place I
would probably go back to is Street
Pizza because I just think that whole
experience was really really fun and I
also did quite like lucky cat I really
like those starters I really did but the
other ones I could take it or leave it
and the one I won't be going back to is
straet Burger I'm sorry I did not like
that burger but the chips were really
good anyway I hope you've enjoyed this
video let me know your thoughts have you
ever been to a Gordon Ramsey restaurant
before did you like it did you not what
did you think let me know if you want me
to try any other celebrity Chef's
Restaurant I love you all loads
subscribe if you want to see more it's
free to do that peace out
punks