this little French restaurant has an
appetizer that cost $90 a 20 course
dinner at this gorgeous restaurant in
New York costed 320 bucks per person and
this restaurant was ranked one of the
best and most expensive places to eat on
the planet but are these super fancy
restaurants even that good I want to
know so I'll be dining at some of the
world's most luxurious restaurants to
see if they're actually worth the price
or if they're just a scam starting in
Los Alamos
California the uh one Michelin
restaurants behind me this is Bells a
French inspired beastro with one
Michelin star it's run by Chef Daisy
Ryan and it's got $3 signs on Google
that means
expensive okay guys seriously look at
this place it's adorable it's so tiny
now the Michelin stars supposedly
represent the highest level of food and
restaurant experience possible that's
why eating at these restaurants comes
with a very big price tag but some
people consider these restaurants
overrated there's only one way to find
out though so here's the thing I've
never actually eaten at a Michin Star
Restaurant before so I have no idea what
to
[Music]
expect morning coming so the inside of
the restaurant was surprisingly pretty
cozy and inviting this is what a fancy
restaurant usually looks like pretty
lame but here it feels like you're just
inside someone's
house so I just sat down and this place
is even cuter inside than it is outside
I ordered a cup of coffee since it was
11:00 in the morning I feel Fancy with
my
coffee that a good coffee I needed that
then I took a look at the menu and
noticed there was an appetizer that
costed
$90 feels a little scammy to me okay so
my waiter said to get the Santa Barbara
oi for the content so I did I also got
snails the price definitely threw me off
but it's fine what I was most worried
about was this review I found from De o
don't go here if you're hungry this
restaurant is stingy their Entre are
tiny and I mean microscopic one star it
didn't take long for the food to come
out and at first glance pretty small
these are just the appetizers though so
hopefully they taste good this is the
Santa Barbara oi caviar panacotta fancy
words but very cute spoon if you didn't
know oi is sea urchin this ugly guy I
got a big scoop with my tiny
spoon oh that's that's fantastic what
thank you for recommending this so good
right you try the uh snails let me know
forgot I ordered snails how am I
supposed to eat it okay so get a piece
of the bread I was told to eat a piece
of bread and dip it in here how I do
this the snails weren't bad they were
actually pretty good with the appetizers
out of the way I ordered a few Entre
that way I could
test all right I see the food coming out
it's the moment of truth is it
microscopic oh wo turns out this may
have been a mistake whoa okay I don't
know what that review was talking about
this is
huge I got this egg salad
sandwich pretty yummy and this giant pot
of a muscles and Fries a lot of food I
was told to take the fries and dip it in
the
broth that's the best dipping sauce for
French fries I've ever had the entire
meal ended up costing
$161.9 which wasn't too bad since I
ordered a lot of food very good okay now
that lunch is over I definitely see why
this place has a Michelin star my
favorite part was the fact that this
restaurant feels very cozy and very
inviting honestly y'all I'm expecting
something completely different from the
two and three star
restaurants I am now in ter town in New
York behind me is a 2023 Toyota Camry
the next restaurant that I'm going to is
on a hill so I have to drive there
I also brought my girlfriend hi Carrie
hello so we're driving to the restaurant
now and I've only seen pictures of it
online but the thing is it's on a huge
Farm which is going to be so different
than the tiny onear restaurant that I
was just at but despite this restaurant
supposedly being amazing there's a lot
of bad reviews about this place this guy
Frank even said the restaurant was a big
scam but I will be the judge of that we
made it
y'all this place is huge this is blue
hill at Stone Barnes a two Michelin star
restaurant focused on Farm totable style
food owned by Chef Dan Barber and it has
$4 signs on Google things are getting
more expensive our reservation actually
starts with a walking tour of the entire
property but before we get into all that
there's some reviews I got to look at so
this first review is from M smyrnov this
one's literally just a picture of a cat
um and it's one star so it also has
three thumbs up so I don't really know
what that means is this cat on like the
property why would you give a cat one
star did it like bite you or something I
don't really know what to expect but
we're going to I'm going to go walk now
so the walking tour begins at the
restaurant's green houses where they
actually grow all of their own
vegetables this was supposed to be very
educational but I'll be honest I was
focused on finding Mel's cat nothing so
far pretty sure that's not a cat nothing
in the distance either so far I'm not
seeing any cats there are cute pigs
though look at that oh wait I just
realized are we going to eat
them once the tour was over we were led
to an area where there was an army of
waiters and waitresses waiting for us
how does this work for yes okay okay I
know it's confusing a bunch of people
I'm
[Music]
intimidated so we just got seated and um
this place is crazy looking the dining
area was massive and very f fancy it
used to be an old dairy barn for the
Rockefellers who were one of the richest
families like ever just like they out of
place cuz I'm just a boy so at a dinner
like this the chef decides everything
you're going to eat this entire meal is
supposed to be 20 courses so I have no
idea what to expect but boy was I
surprised when the first dish ended up
being straight up raw vegetables do I
dip this I don't know I feel so lost now
look I don't hate vegetables but this is
not what I expect to pay a lot of money
for this is not off to the best start
but it's fine let's check out the next
review from Nicole s okay starting off
the concept is good the weight staff is
admittedly impeccable and the service is
absolutely designed to be catered to
your every need however all of this is a
little overwhelming the weight staff
moves in complete Unison and I'm not
exaggerating it's honestly kind of
creepy and cult likee one star for this
I'm just going to be observing everyone
all of the white stuff in the restaurant
I'll let you know what I think the
review seemed very exaggerated at first
but after watching for a little
while I know it's not just me things
feel a little
weird I mean look at this dude's posture
it's perfect while I was people watching
a few other courses came out along with
this dude that sliced shuder at the
table that was pretty cool also got this
interesting rainbow trout and swordfish
pastrami dish my girlfriend had a pretty
accurate description for this it tastes
the way that leather smells is that good
or very good for me I like it too so I
don't
know then a few moments later they
brought a dish called face bacon I'm
going to blur this for yall it was
basically pork rinds except served on a
pig skull the pork rindes didn't taste
bad but while I was eating it all I
could think about were the little
piggies and to make it even weirder you
are not going to believe what they
brought out next this is pheasant which
is a type of game bird it's supposed to
be really tasty and I was very excited
to try it until they brought out a dead
bird yeah a dead bird right so these are
the feathers I wish I was making this up
how do you feel about now eating the
bird after seeing
that I kind of feel guilty but also it
was already dead so I think I'd feel
more guilty if I didn't eat it yeah I'm
okay eating it but despite the
interesting food choices I will say the
service has been literally
perfect almost too perfect though
Nicole's review was spoton the staff was
impeccable but every single interaction
felt rehearsed kind of like talking to
an NPC in a video game if you know what
I mean would you say it is slightly cult
like honestly yeah it does kind of give
that Vibe they're a little
sneaky
so dinner's wrapping up we just had
dessert the thing
is now I don't know what to expect out
of the three star Michelin restaurant
the bill ended up being
$1,524 and while there were some dishes
I enjoyed I feel like spending this much
money on mostly vegetables and a kind of
uncomfortable experience was not my best
financial decision Goodbye Blue Hill
Stone
Barnes ooh it's cold and San Francisco
uh for Dylan yeah perfect so this next
restaurant is a pretty big deal it was
once ranked the 28th best restaurant in
the entire world but after that last
restaurant I have no idea if I should
expect good things thank you too have a
good
night all right we made it wait hold on
my brightness is low there it is holy
cow I can't believe we're here welcome
to benu it's a three Michelin star
contemporary restaurant focused on on
Asian Cuisine it's run by world-renowned
Chef Cory Lee and you guessed it it has
four doll signs on Google but despite
being one of the best restaurants in the
world the reviews are pretty harsh
kiyoka H says the seasoning was not
delicious the table attendant repeatedly
took the food in the middle of eating
one star or this one from ranting ya the
food was creative but not to the three
star level the service was awful you
have to wave to get the waiter's
attention to add water or change plates
for you one star I'm going to be honest
I don't know where else this guy is
eating but he seems picky lastly we have
one from Jody I made a reservation for
four people but had to change it they
got mad I had four CEOs of top Silicon
Valley startups with me bad service all
around one star she was angry when she
wrote this it's time for my reservation
uh here's the thing I actually made the
reservation for two people and it's just
me today so yeah time to see if they'll
get mad at
me
hello it's for two but it's just me
tonight is that okay I was immediately
taken and asked to sit in a waiting area
while they figured out my
reservation cool thank you appreciate it
I was a little worried this was going to
be a
problem but after a little while okay so
I just got seated nobody got mad so
we're
good so after being seated I was
immediately handed a hot towel very
fancy right off the bat guys this place
feels way less overwhelming than the two
star Michelin restaurant it feels kind
of laidback which is surprising it's
still fancy but like not intense fancy
it is a little awkward eating by myself
though that's the other camera now even
though I'm pretty happy with everything
so far there are three main issues with
this place I've already proved the first
one wrong they didn't get mad at me so
that's good we'll see if the others are
true though now dinner at benu starts
with a few small bites like this
thousand-year-old quail egg with ginger
and cabbage juice it didn't sound super
appetizing at first but it's plated very
cute my initial thoughts absolutely
amazing then the waitress recommended
some fancy sake I ordered it but it
turns out I don't like sake it's fine
though I started chugging water to get
rid of The Taste time to see if my water
is going to get
refilled
19 seconds so it seems like benu is off
to a great start two of the harshest
reviews are already busted now the next
course is a crispy fried frog leg
sauteed with chilies this is a
first it kind of tastes like chicken
it's perfectly fried and so juicy now
just like Blue Hill at Stone Barnes a
majority of the next dishes were small
bites but the flavors of of these were
on another level I especially loved
these pine of mushroom Xiao long bows
which made a wave of nostalgia just hit
me I used to eat these all the time as a
kid and it's the first dish that
genuinely made me a little emotional oh
my God those were amazing I'm pretty
sure they almost made me cry so now that
two of the bad reviews are completely
busted there's only one more to test so
this next course was very big it was a
variety of little dishes that that could
be mixed and matched together there was
half-dried fluke with seasonal
vegetables marinated raw spot prawns
cabbage manari kimchi rice and a bunch
of other stuff I get to essentially eat
this however I want I can make little
wraps I can add the rice and eat it with
the fish it's a it's a DIY meal of
course this is the best opportunity for
me to test kiyoko's review I spent an
aggressively long time eating all of the
food and while I was mid bit a waiter
actually came up to to me and said now
did you want some more rice there
um sure yeah okay I'll let Chef know
okay awesome thank you turns out they
did the exact opposite of the review
fantastic appreciate it and once I
stopped
eating because of the reviews I expected
them to take the dishes away but they
didn't they let me finish the food bad
review number three debunked the last
two courses were both desserts still
have no idea how I finished these I was
stuffed i s in is wrapping up soon and I
have some thoughts so far the experience
has been unreal this is dramatically
different than all of the other
restaurants I've ever been to in my
entire life the total cost of eating
here was
$199.95 which yes is a lot of money and
did stress me out I still thought the
creativity behind the food perfect
service and just overall experience was
definitely worth it they also took me
back into the kitchen to meet the chef
that was very cool thanks for joining us
yeah appreciate it thank you nice to
meet you likewise bye thank you yeah
good luck with the video thank you
appreciate it well there you have it
there's dinner at a three star Michelin
restaurant it turns out not all of these
restaurants are
scams but some definitely are YouTube
thinks you'll like this video so go
check it out bye