today I'm taking my dad to the best
reviewed restaurant in Shanghai in 2021
a Forbes article was published that
ranked Shanghai as being the most
expensive city in the world I went onto
the internet and started researching the
best reviewed restaurants in Shanghai
after hours of searching I finally found
a restaurant that really stood out to me
since I haven't seen my dad for four
years I miss you very much I thought
this would be a great bonding experience
for us but the only problem is I don't
know if I'm going to be able to pay for
it yeah I'm screwed hi is that
Centrelink since arriving in Shanghai
it's been quite difficult trying to pay
for literally anything my life pretty
much the only way to pay for something
is via WeChat pay or alipay or mayor
wasting plumber I really hope I can pay
for this food because the last thing I
would want is for my poor Dad to have to
pay for our meal I've just been through
as much cash as I possibly could in this
envelope I had to make sure I prepared
for this dinner in the right way
[Music]
luckily for me before I left Australia
my good friends at Lupo Bianco pulled me
up with a suit and also one for my dad
which he could wear
I then decided that I needed to get a
haircut shave get a manicure I don't
know why I'm doing this
I then got distracted by all the Chinese
cake shops everywhere and I had a bit of
a look around
it was only shortly after this that I
remembered I probably couldn't buy
anything because all I had on me was
cash I need to get back to concentrating
on my dad's dinner tonight after a few
hours of suiting up and getting ready
for the bee occasion my dad came out in
his matching suit how's that wow very
nice yeah you like the suit yeah yeah
[Music]
we hopped in my dad's car and then drove
for 45 minutes in our matching suit and
arrived at the Ritz Carlton Hotel it
smells so nice in here like perfume oh
it's like jewelry just as you walk in we
had finally arrived at Jin shrad
shanghai's best reviewed restaurant the
interior was super nice it had an
amazing view of Shanghai and I couldn't
wait to see what the food was like all
right let's eat alright guys so on the
menu they have a bunch of stuff which is
pretty expensive down here I I am asking
what do you want to eat yeah you
selected restaurant you can't lose your
face what do you mean I pay full then
you pick up why you pay for its money
why are you coming this restaurant for
fancy food as my dad and I were
preparing to order from the menu our
dinner was about to be over before it
even started in our restaurant we cannot
like make the video according to the
cultural policy so I can't film anything
here no problem
okay okay after almost being kicked out
of the restaurant my dad and I ordered
enough food
I can't use any sauce
what does it taste like feel sweet
it's like a tower pineapple that's the
soup oh the crab and meat soup can you
try first
out of ten a bit sort of a coastal
Western cream test yeah I can taste the
cream
oh
looks nice huh I don't know what are
they I think it's just fish
very nice mmm it's regular very crispy
on the outside that one's right veggies
nice yeah very nice all right guys I'm
just coming to the bathroom right now I
think I've messed up real bad
so obviously you guys saw me go to the
ATM today to withdraw as much cash as I
could they might not even take out I
feel really bad because I feel like my
dad's gonna have to pay for this whole
thing chicken
what do you reckon nice Chinese sausage
oh it's a very Chinese style that's
really good what's the reason for you to
invite me to a high class luxurious
hotel to have a dinner I don't usually
do this you've never done that yes maybe
sometimes the place I've actually taken
you tonight is a restaurant that was
voted the best reviewed restaurant in
Shanghai oh really so I want to take you
here to you know experience the nice
food what would you give it as a rating
five star four stars okay okay oh
look at that it's like some mango
dessert oh that's crazy you can't have a
diabetes
thank you
nice yeah very sweet just fruity it's
kind of just like mango puree with a big
chunk of mango it's all right should we
go get the bill yeah the moment had
finally come it was now a time for the
bill to be paid I was about to see if my
master plan had worked or if it had
failed miserably will this restaurant
take my cash so I can do what's right or
will the restaurants say no and make my
poor dad pay for the entire thing it was
now a time to find out and get the
answer we had long been waiting for a
shinjin Kuma
whatever
it don't worry why don't worry don't
worry it's mine it's mine
listen listen just listen
let me let me ask you do you need a
recipe I don't need a receipt
[Music]
I wanted to pay
oh how much one seven three seven in
China you don't worry when I go go to
Australia you pay for me all right yeah
of course I will okay I guess my my
challenge failed guys well thanks for
dinner yeah that's all right yeah my
pleasure so what do you think good good
Shanghai shanghai's best reviewed
restaurant Jamie yes I still own us
the microphone yeah yeah still on right
yeah oh okay
Jamie I want to tell you if they say you
are not allowed to use cash that's not
true that's illegal saying no one can
deny you to use the currency so you're
saying I can use cash anywhere in China
yeah definitely
you stupid
[Music]