if you know anything about me you know
that I stick to my two main food groups
of pasta and Tacos but I feel like it
would actually be a crime if I didn't
try the absolutely crazy restaurants
that they have here in Tokyo this is
definitely a challenge for someone who's
a picky eater like me but we're going to
start with something easy and it'll only
get harder from here let's do it first
up we have a Alice in Wonderland themed
Cafe hey uh table for three
please since this is going to be a
pretty big challenge for me we have
brought in some help Sophia is going to
be with me today trying these crazy
restaurants any fish you can't handle I
shall cover Caesar salad with lots of
tomatoes or corn soup do I want Cat
Pasta or bunny pasta or do I want Queen
of Hearts recommended well the salad
came with cute little like hearts and
then here's the cheese
pizza it's edible reminds me of school
lunches I feel like a rabbit right now
so it's far as themed Cafe yeah on theme
salad's on theme all right I have good
news first menu they gave us didn't have
like anything on it but we found a
special menu how do I order this I want
it so bad I don't even think it's going
to taste good but I want it we were able
to secure this beautiful rainbow
surprise if anything can redeem this
restaurant it would be this right here
so let's just get in there that is
whipped cream that will be whipped cream
wait there's like cereal the next layer
is like cereal what nope this place
sucks I mean the good news is we're
starting at the ball bottom so it can
only go up from here honestly I feel
like this place was such a missed
opportunity like it could have been so
much better but like the food is so bad
and the Surfers look really sad I hope
they're okay okay next up we have the 2D
Cafe which is exactly what it sounds
like everything looks like you're living
in 2D let's go try it
out wait so fun wait why are these being
sold at a coffee shop that's such a
random purchase to make with your coffee
I got to admit this place is pretty
freaking cool order up oh thank you each
serving comes to the kiss oh really wow
the service here is incredible and
creepy this looks so cool there's a 2d
cake we got a charcoal latte why would I
drink charcoal I don't know caramel
macchiato and then a purple potato latte
tastes like something familiar but I
can't put my finger on it I don't love
it give that like a five I should know
the purple potato latte is not for me
but Justice loves it and is currently
chugging the entire thing that's a good
caramel macchiato tastes good it just
tastes like coffee there's no like other
flavor are my teeth black wait are they
black yeah they're darker they're tinted
cute bad bad
latte that's pretty good way better than
whatever we were fed at the Alice and
Wonderland Cafe it's like a light
strawberry vanilla surprise I wish they
had more 2D stuff this is like the only
2D looking thing they serve I think I'm
just going to going to really enjoy and
Savor the moments in this Cafe because
the next place we're going I'm not
looking forward
to for some reason this one just gives
me the heebie jibbies but this is child
for a Day Cafe where they encourage you
to step back into what it's like to be a
child here at child for a Day Cafe they
make things big so you feel
[Music]
small
there you
go hey my mom said if your mom says it's
okay that we can play after school like
a play date yeah do you want to like go
on a little play date can we hug after
maybe but don't ask about holding hands
that's second play date type of stuff I
got apple juice I don't remember the
last time I had apple juice and then I
got a big
cookie it's really just that giant baby
head staring at me that's upsetting me
that's what's looking at me while I eat
my lunch I'm actually surprised that
there are like real children here I
thought this was for adults get your own
hangout spot it's so heavy so this is
what it would be like if I was a baby
this is how big a mug looks to a baby
that can't be right I can't explain how
like weird the music and the videos of
babies crying like the atmosphere that
they have created here is so
uncomfortable I like the idea though
well um I don't know about you but I'm
probably going to go have a play date
with a very cute boy on the
playground you're cute
you're cute
too for this next one we have the
vampire Cafe I have no clue how this is
going to go I hope they talk like
this they had different menus to select
when you made the reservation there
wasn't a great translation so I couldn't
tell which one I picked I think I might
have picked girls night
um we will see
I love that the men use a
coffin and it squeaks when you open it
he just came in here and he cursed us
I'm pretty sure he yelled some
things blood on her
salad oh no no do it she's going to do
it would you like more blood with your
salad black bread taste
test
chewy but not not bad this is the worst
meal I've ever spent $200 on in my life
another dish has
arrived creamy spaghetti with Squid
mushrooms and Squid Ink I'm allergic to
fish
so how was it not bad but I I do not
want
more we got spider ice cream they're so
cute cute down down oh my God good news
we have escaped the vampires Lair the
food absolutely disgusting I have had
better microwaved meals from 7-Eleven
the atmosphere Vibe was on point my only
beef is with the food I feel like they
could have stepped it up especially for
the price point the Lexi scale would be
I'm never coming back out of 10 next up
though this is the one I've been most
excited for even though I don't eat fish
but you know what I do enjoy doing fish
ink
[Applause]
guys guys guys guys okay if you
feel good job I feel
bad
SM okay fish was a little crazy I'm
honestly really proud of myself for
being able to like keep that fish in the
net we both caught a fish this is
Sophia's fish they made hers into
sushimi and then what did we get
battered and battered and fried and then
grilled with salt Justice and Sophia
will be taste testing since I don't eat
fish take it away good fish really yep
can't complain I mean it's fresh not the
best fish I've ever had it's good taste
tting though but for it being fresh as
in like 5 minutes ago it's good
cheers everything tastes better fried
that's delicious Lexi are you having the
best time watching this all happen it's
actually a lot better grilled than
Sashimi big fan of my plates you can
have yours I'm going to eat Mine mine's
okay you can have
yours yeah that's what I thought it's
better than yours okay which one's the
best though fried or gred with salt
fried for
me so Chey on
three what was everyone's favorite today
1 2 three honestly I feel like they all
had something Charming about them I feel
like the common theme though is the food
was not good most places you want
experience and good food good luck good
luck I think we're going to wrap up here
and I'm going to go get dinner somewhere
else because Lexi don't eat fish hi