if someone asks you why would you like
to take a trip to Italy probably your
first response would be to try the
delicious Cuisine including their
Infamous Pizza Italy is a beautiful
country with breathtaking scenery and
architecture a rich culture and an
impressive history but Italian cuisine
is a source of national pride Italy's
fragrant and fresh Gastronomy is known
and loved around the world today we know
about the best traditional foods in
Italy let's begin it's
thank you
number 10. gelato
no gelato is not just ice cream although
it may look similar it is quite
different to what is commonly known as
ice cream gelato has way less fat than
ice cream and a stronger taste since
it's not mixed with water and air gelato
is made with fresh ingredients only
making it unable to store for long
periods of time also it is stored and
served less cold than ice cream giving
the gelato a smoother texture and making
it more refreshing while enjoying it
walking through the streets of Rome one
of the best desserts to enjoy during the
summer and even during the winter
foreign
[Music]
truffles
one of the best gifts Italy has given
the world even though it is possible to
find truffles in a few other places no
other country produces them with such
quality and volume truffles are a highly
aromatic fungus that are found near the
tree roots in the forests of Piedmont
and Umbria between the months of
November and March they are found by
trained dogs and maybe white truffles
which are stronger or black truffles
with a lighter taste and smell both of
them are among the most expensive Foods
in the world with a pasta dish a salad
or even a breakfast egg truffles will
add a strong but delicious special
fragrance to your food
[Music]
thank you
[Music]
number eight risotto
this classic rice dish is prepared with
various meat fish or vegetable broths
with onion olive oil or butter white
wine and parmesan cheese all over Italy
you can indulge in various risotto
dishes made traditionally of arborio
rice or carnaroli rice popular menu
items include chicken and pea risotto
mushroom risotto Seafood risotto shrimp
risotto and beef mince risotto
[Music]
thank you
[Music]
number seven asaboko
asaboko is a dish from Milan and is the
best example of elaborate Italian
cuisine it is slowly cooked and may take
up to three hours to be ready but that
results in a meat so delicious and
tender that it's going to be worth the
wait asaboko is veal Shanks with a red
or white wine sauce vegetables garlic
lemon zest lemon juice and other spices
the best part of the dish is when it's
all finished and you get to taste the
delicious bone marrow that's where its
name comes from asabuko means hollow
bone the name itself invites people to
try the entire thing making it one of
the most traditional foods in Italy
[Music]
thank you
[Music]
number six lasagna
a Meal made up of layers of pasta meat
cheese and tomato sauce is as close as
it can get to culinary Perfection
there's also a vegetarian version where
meat is substituted with vegetables that
way everyone has the chance to try the
amazing Italian Dish lasagna is from the
Naples region and it was originally
cooked with bechamel sauce Ragu and
cheese but over the years with more
International ingredients available
lasagna transformed into what we know
today
[Music]
thank you
number five Italian cheese there's so
much in the Italian cheese culture that
it needs its own list cheese has been
around the Italian Peninsula for
centuries ancient Romans created a vast
variety of cheeses and experimented with
them by smoking melting and aging them
giving us the basis of many famous
cheeses found today strong soft creamy
grained sweet or salty how can anyone
say no to a good piece of cheese as is
common with every Italian food each
region has mastered a specific type of
cheese but all are equally good
[Music]
thank you
number four Focaccia Italian dough is so
good that it needed a special bread to
Homage it Focaccia is an oven baked
Italian bread in between flatbread and
pizza depending on the region it may
look different it may have different
ingredients and toppings and even a
different name in The Tuscan area it is
known as sciacchiata in basilicata
strazata and crescia in Umbria it is
typically a bread with herb toppings and
olive oil perfect for a starter or just
as an afternoon snack
[Music]
thank you
number three pasta
spaghetti is the most popular Italian
pasta the perfect example of the beauty
of Simplicity the simple combination of
eggs flour water olive oil and salt
gives us more than 400 styles of pasta
some of the most popular types of pasta
are fettuccine spaghetti penne and
tagliatelle each region in Italy has its
own signature style Tuscany houses the
best pappardelle in Rome the fettuccine
pasta may be prepared in a variety of
ways creamy with pesto with fresh tomato
sauce or even stuffed but certainly one
of the most popular pasta dishes in
Italy especially in Rome is spaghetti a
la carbonara made with guanciale egg
pecorino cheese and black pepper
I need you
[Music]
number two Pizza
traditional Italian pizza is made of
flattened round dough topped with cheese
and tomato and garnished with basil
olives and oregano the most famous
traditional Italian pizzas are Margarita
all napolitana Maple style pizza with
tomatoes mozzarella cheese and Basil
Pizza marinara with tomatoes garlic and
oregano Pizza cuatro stagioni for
Seasons Pizza with four sections of four
different toppings and pizza Quattro for
Maggie pizza with four different cheeses
[Music]
[Music]
number one Ragu ala Bolognese
known in English as bolognese sauce Ragu
ala Bolognese is considered the national
dish of Italy the traditional recipe is
time consuming but not overly difficult
requiring patience as you add
ingredients including a characteristics
of Frito of onion celery and carrot
different types of minced or finely
chopped beef often alongside small
amounts of fatty pork white wine milk
and a small amount of tomato paste or
tomatoes are added and the dish is then
gently simmered at length to produce a
thick sauce
[Music]
here we go
thank you so much for visiting our
Channel which country foods do you
prefer most just leave in the comment
section below to get more video updates
don't forget to subscribe to our Channel
thank you for supporting us see you in
the next video very soon till then bye
foreign