hey guys and welcome to another episode
of UAE eats I'm UA and I am currently in
Atlantic City New Jersey now I spent a
few weeks abroad in Beijing China and I
had some great eats there but after a
while I started to get homesick and the
one thing that I craved more than
anything else was a delicious juicy
steak when I got back home though I had
to head to the South Jersey Philly area
to run some errands and while Googling I
actually found out that in South Jersey
Gordon Ramsay has a steak restaurant
called Gordon Ramsay Steak in Atlantic
City now Gordon Ramsay is hands down the
most famous chef in the U.S and probably
the most famous chef in the world but
just in case you don't know Gordon
Ramsay not only is he famous for reality
TV shows but he is on paper one of the
most accomplished Chefs of all time he
has seven Michelin stars to his name and
if my research is correct he had at 1.17
Michelin stars pretty wild as great as
Gordon's fine dining accomplishments are
though some people think that he's kind
of overrated now after all he's really
transitioned more towards reality TV and
also more towards opening casual
restaurants we actually ate out a few of
those on this channel the most recent
Gordon Ramsay restaurant we ate at was
Gordon Ramsay plain food in Hong Kong
and I gotta say it was kind of
disappointing it wasn't bad but it
wasn't great it was kind of just your
typical Airport Restaurant but I'm not
going to conclude that Gordon Ramsay is
overrated because we ate at two other
restaurants of his
hey what's up what up what up and
actually both of those hey what's up and
actually I found both of them pretty
good I mean maybe a little bit
overpriced but he's a celebrity chef so
overpriced aside they were pretty good
today though comes the ultimate test now
we've eaten steak loads of times on this
channel I would actually say steak is
one of my favorite foods if this guy
really is all he's cracked up to be his
steak restaurant should be pretty good
out of all the restaurants we've been to
for Gordon Ramsay I would say this is
probably the most akin to his natural
ability as a fine dining Chef so come on
let's go
[Music]
[Music]
yeah
foreign
guys so we're inside Gordon Ramsay Steak
we made a reservation so there was a
pretty decent line outside but for us we
slid right in because of our res and let
me tell you what's a really really cool
atmosphere lighting is nice a little bit
mood lighting so apologies if my
lighting is not always the best but it's
a nice atmosphere the color schemes just
nice in my opinion the music is a tad
loud but not unbearably so let's take a
look at the menu
all right so what's interesting is that
there's a pretty robust Seafood section
here there's a whole shellfish Tower
there's oysters and clams as well as
Chilean sea bass then they have like a
bunch of salad options but
this whole second page is our bread and
butter all the steaks and I gotta say I
know Gordon Ramsay is a famous guy but
these prices are quite steep I mean 70
bucks for filet I know filet mignon is a
really good cut but it's quite small
eight ounces so 70 bucks is a little bit
steep Del Monaco is basically steak
named after Delmonico Steakhouse in New
York so steak that's in the form of
Delmonico's usually it's boneless ribeye
but it could also be chukai 82 bucks
though for a boneless rib eye is really
steep I would say 60 bucks is very fair
that is quite a markup for his name the
bone-in ribeye is 90 bucks and even
though it's bigger that might mostly be
because of the bone 99 bucks for T-Bone
I guess isn't so bad unless that's per
person honestly I'm gonna go with the
New York strip not just because of price
but also because I feel like rib eye is
easier to cook because it's fattier it's
kind of like easy mode steak New York
strip is fatty but not extremely fatty
like ribeye so New York's triple be a
good way to test the skill of the chef
so we're gonna go with the New York
strip and we of course cannot leave a
Gordon Ramsay restaurant without trying
the beef wellington now we tried this
once at Gordon Ramsay Pub and Grill it
was great let's see how it is here
all right let's order I'm gonna do the
um uh New York strip uh medium rare as
warm red Center all the way too sounds
good and then I want to also try the uh
Beef Wellington if I can't finish I'll
just take it off
medium rare wrapped in Brazil big sauce
uh is it extra yes okay we do have a
house the house one is is complimentary
at the house okay
thank you the house steak sauce is
complimentary so I usually think that a
good steak doesn't need sauce but I
guess we'll see how his steak sauce is
so they actually just sent an appetizer
some complimentary what I think is
focaccio bread on the house and I gotta
say this Focaccia is looking not bad
it's looking pretty buttery pretty
fluffy pretty good it's got some what I
think is poppy seed studded butter at
the bottom there now I'm just gonna try
a little bit of this I read some reviews
on Yelp that said that the bread you got
to be careful because the bread will
fill you up so let's just try a little
bit
all right apologies for the lighting but
let's try this focaccia bread
hey actually that's pretty good honestly
I had tempered my expectations but it's
quite nice it's really fluffy it's a
little crispy on the outside but also
buttery I mean just look at how fluffy
it is like you push it and it bounces
right back like a Tempur-Pedic mattress
or something
yeah
now let's try it with some butter
oh oh man hmm
I tell you that butter is just
absolutely Divine that poppy seed
studded butter the poppy seeds really
give it like some texture like almost a
little bit of crunch but more like a
seedy texture it kind of reminds me of
the Amish butter that I had when I was
in Amish Country in Pennsylvania I was
expecting just like a random bread and
butter above that's one of the top three
Butters I have I'm being serious about
that
oh my butter is so unbelievably rich and
creamy like just look at how rich and
creamy this butter is just look look at
how like spreadable it is just so rich
and creamy uh I want to eat more but
it's definitely oily and fatty and
filling so let's save our stomach for
the steak all right guys our steaks are
here our Beef Wellington and our New
York strip now the steak looks pretty
good the New York's drip steak it looks
like it's grilled and not cooked on a
flat top or a cast iron this looks
pretty good and then of course we got
the famous Gordon Ramsay Beef Wellington
now Gordon Ramsay pretty much put this
dish on map he kind of made it like a
household name and uh yeah this one
looks a little bit different from the
beef wellington I had at Gordon Ramsay
Pub and Grill the Gordon Ramsay Pub and
Grill one looked a little bit more
rustic almost more country-like this one
looks similar but the crust looks
thinner it looks a little bit more
elegant almost although the way they
have both of them like vomiting out like
the mashed potatoes is a little bit
strange but you know I don't know much
about plating so maybe it's actually
pretty nice let's try the New York strip
steak first though
[Music]
not bad
oh man wow that is excellent honestly
guys I was ready to write this place off
especially after the whole Gordon Ramsay
plane food disappointing experience I
know it was just an airport but still I
was willing to call it out as it is if
the steak was underwhelming but this
steak is just so tender on the inside I
mean just look when I push down only
just look at how tender it is a good
thing is that that fat is really well
rendered and it just made this whole
steak so juicy and so moist and so
tender and they also properly rested it
look when I press it the juices don't
come out so it's perfectly rested so all
you have is that fatty tender delicious
New York strip flavor uh amazing more
bites
just look at that delicious pink Center
deliciously pink nice char
on both sides of the steak sometimes I
don't like that grilled steaks don't
have enough of a crust but this is
definitely robust enough of a crust in
my opinion
very very good
I almost forgot about the steak sauce I
mean the steak is good enough that I
don't think it really needs it but let's
try the steak sauce why don't we
thank you
okay let's try it with the house steak
sauce now
okay so I'll be honest about the steak
sauce the steak sauce isn't really for
me like it's a solid steak sauce it's
one of the more okay ones I've had I
find it a little bit too vinegary a
little bit too mustardy almost like the
mustard flavor in it is a little bit
overpowering and I think the mustard
flavor and the vinegar flavor is so
strong that it kind of masks the natural
flavor of the steak like this meat that
Gordon is using is good enough
it's already juicy enough and fatty
enough it doesn't really need any sauce
and it really is cooked well as you can
see by the nice even sear on the back so
you don't really want to cover up this
taste at all you don't want to mask it
with the steak sauce so forget the steak
sauce I've had some good steak sauces
throughout my life Gallagher's makes a
mean steak sauce Peter Luger well I
found it overrated Peter Luger makes a
good steak sauce as well this steak
sauce though I'm sorry Gordon it just
doesn't really do it for me but the
steak is excellent
is
is
now we rubbed it in plenty of that sauce
on the plate
now that was some sort of Gravy Sauce
like thing they had to pair with the
steak it wasn't just juices that dripped
out of the steak it almost gives the
steak like a French food kind of flavor
but once again I don't think the steak
needs it it's good enough on its own
there's just one more thing that I have
to address though now this steak is
excellent but 70 plus dollars is a
little bit steep for a New York strip
steak I'm not sure if I've ever seen a
New York strip steak that expensive
before like I know Gordon Ramsay is a
big name I know there's going to be a
surcharge for his name but in Manhattan
there's also tons of great steakhouses
some of them are also really famous and
some of them are in Prime real estate
like Times Square so there's markups
there as well I'll say this the food is
objectively great we're at ten dollars
less I would be singing Only its praises
and nothing else but it is a little bit
overpriced even for the location and
even for the guy's name so not overrated
but still over surprised Let's uh put
this aside for now though and let's try
the famous Beef Wellington
let's take a bite
not bad
once again nice and pink on the inside
although it's annoying that beef
wellingtons are always falling apart so
they should invent some sort of like
edible rubber bands to like tie the
whole thing together so this doesn't
happen
pretty good but while the beef
wellington here is good uh I don't think
it's great I don't think all the beef
wellingtons at Gordon's restaurants are
created equal I thought the one that I
had at Gordon Ramsay Pub and Grill at
least a year or two ago when I went in
that video I thought that one was better
this this meat is great this meat is
just so tender it is so oh unbelievably
tender unfortunately though I think that
this puff pastry could use some more I
think the puff pastry could be a little
bit thicker like if you look at the puff
pastry it is rather thin I think they
could make the puff pastry a little bit
thicker and it would make this a more
hearty meal and I actually think that it
could stand to be a little bit saltier I
feel like it's a little bit too thin and
a little bit under salted but once again
no complaints at all about the meat
itself because the meat is just perfect
nice and medium rare a little bit more
rare on this side but I actually don't
mind that but Gordon tell your staff
here to make this a thicker puff pastry
and you're going to be golden let's try
the mashed potatoes
mmm
oh the mashed potato was so silky and
soft and oh
and buttery and creamy it's like you're
eating a nice buttery creamy delicious
cloud and then I think this is some sort
of like red wine sauce you pair it with
the red wine sauce and it just makes it
more like savory
foreign
oh wow that red wine sauce oh it kind of
like elevates it it pairs perfectly with
the creamy Rich mashed potatoes it turns
it into Like An Elegant French dish
let's try one of the carrots
okay it's just a normal carrot
I think this is like a shallot
the vegetables are nothing to write home
about they're just normal vegetables
overall this Beef Wellington dish not
bad it had its ups and downs the beef
wellington itself good but held back by
the pastry and the mashed potatoes and
the sauce was good vegetables were
forgettable overall this Beef Wellington
dish not bad though not great but
I need to finish this stick because this
steak is amazing and I cannot let this
go to waste
thank you
foreign
wow guys I think this is gonna be my
last bite of steak I'm not sure if I can
eat much more than this I definitely
wanted this steak to be in the clean
play club and as you can see I finished
most of it but I'm not sure what it was
maybe it was taking an extra bite of the
Focaccia especially with butter maybe it
was that I ate some of the mashed potato
as well as some of the beef wellington
but for whatever reason I'm not able to
finish off the New York strip but I
guess I'll just have to take it to go
getting a little bit full also I want to
leave some room for dessert so let's
finish this and let's order Gordon's
signature dessert the sticky toffee
pudding and I also ordered the sticky
Tuffy pudding sure you want to wait a
few minutes
I think I'm running out of the room yeah
also guys I gotta say this isn't one of
Gordon's Flagship Michelin star
restaurants but service here A Plus
thank you
thank you all right guys the famous
Gordon Ramsay sticky toffee pudding
looks pretty good now we've had this
once at Gordon Ramsay Pub and Grill also
in Atlantic City although that location
is at Caesar's Palace we're currently at
harass now the two sticky toffee
puddings look a little bit similar only
that one was a little bit lighter in
color the presentation style was a
little bit more rustic at that place you
pour the sauce yourself but at this
place they pour it on top for you and
the vanilla ice cream is shaped like a
stick of butter here which is kind of
interesting nothing to it but to do it
now first a bite on its own
oh
wow so deliciously sweet and spongy nice
and warm on the inside sticky on the
outside amazing let's try the ice cream
on its own
[Music]
looks like it's melting let's act fast
right now
the ice cream is okay like it's a little
bit icically it kind of reminds me of
like a richer snow cone or like you know
when like your store-bought ice cream
pints you put them in the freezer for
too long and they kind of become a
little bit icically in a bad way it kind
of tastes like that but it's time now to
combine them
oh
wow when you combine them it's perfect
like that warm sponge cake very sweet
and sticky almost slightly too sweet and
the date flavor is rather strong
combined with that cool ice cream that
more mild ice cream vanilla flavor the
cool ice cream
perfect my only complaint they didn't
give us enough ice cream the last time I
had this at Gordon Ramsay Pub and Grill
they gave us more they need to give a
little bit more focus more on
practicality and less on presentation
excellent the only problem now though I
got a whole huge chunk of half of my
cake left and not quite enough ice cream
to eat it with but it is what it is I'll
just have to chip at this slowly but
slowly before I head out but I gotta say
guys I think we're gonna wrap up the
video now I was really craving steak
from being abroad for so long and eating
a Gordon Ramsay restaurant I'll buy an
airport restaurant in Hong Kong kinda
piqued my interest in trying the Gordon
Ramsay Steak restaurant here in Atlantic
City we came here though not only
looking for a great meal but we also
came here to try to answer the question
of is Gordon Ramsay legit is Gordon
Ramsay just overrated and posting all
his celebrity chef status or does he
still make good food and does he live up
to his reputation and I gotta say guys
so far my experiences with his
restaurants have all been positive well
besides the Hong Kong airport restaurant
that was not great if you're a Gordon
Ramsay fan try this place you won't be
disappointed if you're not a Gordon
Ramsay fan I think you should give this
place a shot because it's objectively a
good restaurant it's just a little bit
overpriced even taking into account
Gordon's name and the Atlantic City
location Gordon you need to drop the
prices by about 10 bucks but anyways
guys I think that's gonna be it for this
video we're gonna knock out our amazing
Gordon Ramsay desserts and then head
home with our delicious leftovers thank
you guys so much for watching have you
eaten at Gordon Ramsay Steak before at
any of his locations or have you eaten
at any Gordon Ramsay restaurant at all
and what do you think of Gordon Ramsay
do you think he's great or do you think
he's overrated let me know in the
comments because great lines eat a like
if you like my videos make sure you like
And subscribe that way you stay up to
date whenever I post another video
until next time I'll see you later
[Music]