hey guys and welcome to another episode
of UAE eats I'm yuei and I'm currently
in Times Square ardu blee the tourist
capital of the whole world now on this
channel we've covered some local
neighborhood spots but the reason we're
in Times Square is because word just got
out that just yesterday Gordon Ramsay
opened a restaurant here in Times Square
Gordon Ramsay fish and chips now if you
followed my channel you know I'm a bit
of a Gordon Ramsay fan a few months ago
I went to his Pub and Grill Restaurant
in Atlantic City and I had a great time
the food was great the service was great
it was just a great time in general
however the one thing that was not great
was the fish and chips and that was
surprising to me considering that he's a
British chef that's why I'm surprised
that the restaurant he opened here in
New York is not a fine dining restaurant
or even a sit-down restaurant he opened
what seems to be a fast casual Fish and
Chips Restaurant now I love Gordon
Ramsay as much as the next guy but
English Chef selling fish and chips in
Times Square to me that just screams
tourist trap all over it however it's
early but so far reviews are actually
pretty good so I decided to head over
for part two of is Gordon Ramsay
overrated this time we're gonna try his
fast casual restaurant and we're gonna
see if he's overrated or if he's legit
let's go
[Music]
[Music]
all right here we are at Gordon Ramsay
fish and chips here in Times Square uh
you know I kind of expected for a
celebrity chef of his Fame I kind of
expected that there would be a bit of a
line outside this restaurant but it
really just opened a day or so ago so I
guess word might not have gotten out
about it opening yet we can see by the
size of the Porsche above that Chef
Ramsay has no shortage of ego as well of
course of the fact that the restaurant
is called Gordon Ramsay fish and chips
honestly there are a few things that say
British food like fish and chips so
whether or not he makes a good fish and
chips will say a lot about whether or
not he's overrated or if he's legit so
let's go check him out
[Music]
foreign
as you can see unlike some of his other
restaurants this restaurant is not
really a sit-down restaurant it's really
more a fast casual or a fast food
restaurant and to be honest that kind of
makes sense because fish and chips in
the UK is really more like a fast food
it's really more like a takeaway food
you know he's really playing up the
British angle I mean this is pretty much
the most British store I've ever seen so
so let's get in line
all right guys we just got seated and we
ordered the fish and chips now they also
have these non-sanwiches now none if
you're not aware naan is like an Indian
flatbread so they have these sandwiches
that are wrapped in naan I find that
kind of interesting so we're gonna try
it it doesn't really sound very
efficient chips like but hey maybe it's
good but we also got in the meanwhile a
stiffy a sticky toffee pudding Shake now
if you've seen my last video uh Gordon
Ramsay's sticky toffee pudding is really
really good I find it kind of
interesting that he has this in Shake
form so let's try this while we wait
foreign
let's give it a try
sorry it's a very thick shake it doesn't
taste bad it's just very thick
whoa it's very sweet I usually don't
like really sweet stuff but yeah I kind
of dig that it really does taste like
sticky toffee pudding you really get
that sweet sponge cake and that toffee
flavor hey guys if you have a sweet
tooth you'll like this anyways let's
wait for our food
[Music]
all right guys we just got our food so
let me show you what we got now this is
the Gordon Ramsay fish and chips and
it's looking and smelling pretty good I
kind of wish you guys could smell this
with me but it really has a nice fried
batter smell it already looks much
better than the fish and chips I had at
this restaurant in Atlantic City uh that
one was I will be honest a little bit
disappointing but this already looks
great I mean honestly takeout is the
perfect format for fish and chips it's
not really a sit down food so fast food
fish and chips really is the way to go
but this just looks beautifully breaded
I kind of like that they impaled this
lemon on it for presentation so yeah
this is looking and smelling pretty good
and this is the chicken witch sandwich
between naan bread and this is really
interesting uh basically it looks like a
chicken taco but just with Indian bread
instead of tortilla I'm starving guys
that's enough talk let's dig in all
right guys let's dig in
whoa whoa guys just picking them up the
texture is not at all what I expected
you really when I pick up fried food I
almost expect them to feel kind of dense
because I don't know that friedness
makes them really crispy and hard but
this feels like super light I don't know
it almost feels like tempura batter kind
of and even though as you can see by my
fingers it's oily somehow it doesn't
feel super heavy to the touch I don't
know how to explain it tempura really is
the best way all right let's try one
bite without sauce
oh
it's a little hot guys
oh whoa honestly guys I came in here
totally ready to like dunk on this place
and say it's overrated say it's in Times
Square so it's a tourist trap especially
because I went to Atlantic City and the
Fish and Chips I had in Atlantic City at
his restaurant there I've had better but
guys this is a really good fish and
chips I really think this is the first
time I've had fish and chips that kind
of tasted like fish and chips I had in
the UK outside of the UK of course let
me hold it up closer hopefully you can
see that it's fried perfectly perfect
golden brown but it's not fried greasy
it's not overly oily or heavy it's not
like you're just eating a bunch of
crunchy bread crumbs it really does
resemble tempura more than normal deep
frying and just look at the inside of
the fish look at how that fish flakes
apart like that that is fresh Cod
perfectly fried perfect temperature for
it to get flaky like that
hmm it's really good guys really good
let's try it with one of the sauces
let's try it with the tartar sauce which
to be honest was pretty good at his
restaurant in Atlantic City dunk
all right
whoa wow guys in Atlantic City the fish
and chips there at his restaurant there
was only okay but the tartar sauce was
fire this tartar sauce also fire I would
say it's a little less Rich than the
restaurant in Atlantic City but it's
good I mean it works well for a fast
food takeout fish and chips very very
good compliments the fish really well
now I really want to try this sauce this
is what they call Mango curry sauce so
dunk
and let's try it
oh hmm interesting let's try again
wow I couldn't really tell that Gordon
really likes Indian food because that
really has like a spice flavor and I
don't mean like it's spicy because it's
really not hot at all but it really
tastes like a myriad of Curry spices you
taste that turmeric you taste that gram
Masala I'm a Gordon Ramsay fan so I've
seen some of his TV shows where he's
traveled the world and he always seems
to have a lot of fun in India so it's
interesting that he made like an Indian
style sauce but honestly guys
cool but honestly guys it kind of pairs
perfectly because the fish is kind of
more mild it's kind of more bland not
Bland in like a bad way but it doesn't
really have strong intense flavors but
it's Cod it's not like salmon it's
really like a blank slate fish it's not
like salmon or tuna where it has like a
strong flavor Cod is kind of like
chicken but in the ocean so it looks
like a clean slate and to pair it with
like some strong curry flavor
hmm oh I really like that so far guys
this food is great and you know me
you've seen my Peter Luger video you
know I'm always honest I'll dunk on the
food if I have to but so far yeah it's
good let's try the french fries or as
the British people call them chips
not bad
oh thanks thanks so much so far it's
really good
awesome sounds good thank you thanks so
much thanks hey guys these are some
solid french fries or sorry chips I
forget where basically in England I
guess with all these flags and stuff but
I think these are hand-cut fries I mean
just look at them the skin is still on
them they're all different sizes this
actually isn't the first Gordon Ramsay
fish and chip shop there also was one in
Vegas and one in Orlando and one in I
think DC but I actually read some
reviews before I came and people said
that the fish was good but they said
that the fries were not that good The
Washington Post even called them airport
fries I don't know I mean maybe they
heard the feedback and they improved
them
I mean I think these are pretty good
I think they're fried in peanut oil
they're not as good as Five Guys fries
Five Guys fries are my favorite then
Chick-fil-A but they kind of taste like
Five Guys fries a little bit I think
these are great
hmm let's do this though let's dip them
in the sauce
all right Ranch first
okay it doesn't really work with the
ranch to be honest the ranch is a little
bit too strong a little bit too sweet so
I would not recommend dipping them in
ranch
it doesn't really work but let's try the
mango curry sauce
[Music]
okay I think the sauces are more
designed for the fish don't dip the
fries or the chips don't dip the chips
in any of the sauces but they taste
great on their own anyways we have one
more item that I want to try now this is
what they call a chicken witch and it's
fried chicken sandwich between naan
Indian flatbread so guys
let's give it a try
okay so the Nam sandwich isn't my
favorite to be honest I don't know if I
let it sit too long because I guess it
is a little bit cold but um I don't know
to me it just doesn't really work I feel
like it kind of tastes more like a gyro
than it does like Indian food this
vegetable at the bottom is kind of like
coleslaw I don't know I mean it's very
common to eat fried chicken and then to
eat coleslaw on the side combining them
together uh it doesn't really work for
me sorry Gordon I also feel like you
kind of have some competing textures
like I feel like the naan bread is very
soft but it doesn't really have like a
charred non-flavor it kind of tastes
more like pita bread and then you have
the cold coleslaw on the bottom paired
with some greasier chicken that's not
really seasoned that well and to be
honest um this isn't really my favorite
stick with the fish and chips after all
this place is called Gordon Ramsay fish
and chips it's now called Gordon Ramsay
non-sanwich or Gordon Ramsay gyro slash
coleslaw slash Fried Chicken so yeah
stick with fish and chips and you'll
have a good time I'm at least gonna
finish this last piece of fish before we
go
foreign
just like guys the fish is all gone I
ate it all it's in here I have a whole
lot of fries left but we're gonna take a
bit of a break and eat these slowly I
guess before we go we need to answer
that multi-million dollar question the
question that we came here to answer is
Gordon Ramsay overrated now I will be
completely honest the non-sandwich was
It was kind of forgettable so that
wasn't great but this place specializes
in fish and chips so I should mostly
judge the star this year unless the
other items on the menu and I gotta say
guys that fish and chips was amazing was
to die for so I gotta say in this video
Gordon Ramsay not overrated come here
try these fish and chips for yourself
really good some of the best fish and
chips I've had outside of the UK if
you're in Times Square definitely check
it out but then again that's just my
opinion what do you guys think have you
guys eaten at Gordon Ramsay fish and
chips in New York City let me know in
the comments or if you've eaten at any
other locations whether in Las Vegas
whether in Orlando or whether in
Washington DC let me know in the
comments if you've had Gordon's fish and
chips and let me know how they are
anyways guys I have a whole lot of
french fries to finish and a whole
milkshake so I'd like some alone time
with my food if you like my videos make
sure you like And subscribe that way you
stay up to date whenever I post another
video until next time I'll see you later
[Music]