hey guys and welcome to another episode
of UAE eats I'm UA and today we're back
in Times Square in Manhattan New York
now we've eaten loads of steak on this
channel and Times Square is actually a
great place for steak even though it's a
touristy location both Gallaghers and
Spark Steakhouse are both around this
area both regarded as two of the best
steakhouses in the whole world however
today we're going to the most touristy
and the most divisive of steakhouses in
all of New York we're going to Salt Bay
steakhouse restaurant aptly called news
red now back in 2014 or 15 Salt Bay was
on top of the world pretty much everyone
in the whole world has seen his Salt Bay
videos of him you know doing this with
his salt but it kind of seems like the
dust has kind of settled on Salt Bay now
and for whatever reason it seems like a
lot of people aren't really fond of
newsread anymore and a lot of people are
kind of sick of him and he's not really
well liked at least by a lot of people
part of the reason is probably because
news red wanted to cash in on his Fame
and he opened a ton of rest restaurants
a ton of steakhouses and burger joints
all over the world and they've kind of
received mixed reviews some people say
they're pretty good other people say
that they're not really that great and
they're overpriced tourist traps I think
when it comes to someone like salt Bay
though he's such a divisive figure and
people tend to have strong opinions on
him it's kind of hard to separate the
bias if you know what I mean like it's
hard to find people who are purely
judging his restaurants by the food
especially considering that he actually
is a trained Chef now we always try to
stay objective on this channel and we
actually went to Salt Bay burger here in
New York and we felt like it was pretty
good but it seems like news Red
Steakhouse is the real divisive place so
we're here in Times Square to see if it
actually is good or if it's just a
tourist trap once again we promise to be
objective so let's go check it out
yeah
okay so I'm here inside Salt Bay steak
named after a Salt Bay himself new
threats music is a little bit loud so I
apologize if uh it's hard to hear my
voice but there's some nice music
playing in the background so this is a
really nice Atmosphere Restaurant
everyone is dressed in like Tuxedos and
ties a really really nice atmosphere
really nice music really really clean
restaurants I mean just look at the
table really really clean no dust at all
really really clean and Immaculate as
you can see a big poster of Salt Bay in
the back internet Fame kind of went to
his head he's got a big portrait in both
of his restaurants both the burger and
the steakhouse also I gotta say one more
thing this place
it's got some really comfy chairs now
that might seem like a really minor
thing and it is but I wanted to point it
out I mean these are some really nice
chairs some of the best chairs I've had
in any restaurant
oh
so they have a pretty extensive menu
some starters some salads prices a bit
on the high end but not quite unusual
for Times Square the server actually
recommended the meat Sushi to me it's
just me by myself so he said this was a
good portion for just one person but you
know we're all about steak on this
channel so let's look at the steak
options now they have the same news rep
Burger as at Salt base restaurant so I'm
not gonna get that I mean the appetizers
were expensive but okay for Times Square
but some of these prices are definitely
high like 80 bucks for filet mignon I
mean even at good steakhouses that's
more like 40 to 60 bucks so that's quite
a markup for his name 95 for a Wagyu
steak I guess that's okay considering
it's wagyu it really could be more than
that but still expensive Tomahawk Steak
expensive as expected but just look at
these petite strip loins I mean 50 five
bucks but only three and a half ounces
three and a half ounces is really small
that's literally like this big and then
let's look at some of these other menu
items some of these prices are just
insane 550 bucks for a tomahawk 750 for
a grilled strip loin 2 500 bucks for a
golden state I think most things on this
menu are beyond my price range so let's
just go with the wagyu single stick it's
expensive but at least it's Wagyu steak
and for one person it might not be too
bad ready
okay
oh wait
foreign
steak is here and the presentation was
really cool they sliced it right in
front of you just like in the original
viral video the guy yells Salt Bay as he
salts it at the end in the signature
selfie pose but let's take a look at the
steak now in terms of the way the steak
is cooked it definitely looks cooked
well I asked for a medium rare I guess
some pieces are a little bit more rare
than medium uh but you know I don't mind
that I don't mind my steak a little bit
more rare the steak has some nice grill
marks although I kind of prefer more of
a crust than grill marks I kind of like
that crunchy texture to go with a nice
soft juicy steak on the inside I gotta
say overall the steak doesn't look bad
it's actually a pretty decent portion
too for Wagyu steak but uh let's dig in
you know let's see if it's good let's
see if Salt Bay knows this stuff or or
if this is all just a big cash grab
[Music]
you know the steak is cooked to a really
good doneness it's a pretty good medium
rare more on the rare side than medium
but you know for me it's a good doneness
it is rather tender but I would say that
the steak is kind of lacking in very
strong flavor it's Wagyu steak so I was
expecting it to be more fatty and
therefore the fat really making it melt
in your mouth and giving it nice juicy
flavor like a rib eye on steroids
ironically I find the steak to be a
little bit Bland a little bit almost
lean tasting it's kind of a bummer
because we ate at Salt Bay Burger in New
York and I thought sulfate Burger was
excellent a little bit pricey but still
good this steak I don't know is it Wagyu
steak it probably is wagyu beef but it's
definitely not Texas A5 wagyu or real
Japanese Wagyu it kind of just tastes
like joystick that you get from the
supermarket it's a very average steak
no
the benefit of the dowel let's see if
other pizzas taste better
some pieces definitely
I think the piece that we just ate
tasted especially good because I had a
nice sear on it it had a bit of a crust
on some other steak pieces though as you
can see the crust is inconsistent which
kind of makes the steak more rubbery and
it doesn't really give it much crunch or
good texture I guess grill marks can
look cool sometimes and when you grill
over charcoal you can Infuse the steak
with some nice Smoky flavor
okay I detect a hint of smokiness but
the real thing that made that bite good
was the crust so I'm gonna try to focus
in more on these nice crust charred
pieces of steak and less on these pieces
that don't have as much crust or Sear
also really ironically for a restaurant
named after salte and all about sope in
presentation name decoration everything
it is kind of ironic that I also find
the steak to be a little bit under
seasoned it could stand to be more salty
and also have more pepper could I get a
little more salt more salt
thank you
actually hey that did it just get some
crust more salt and it's a pretty good
steak also I think some pieces of the
steak are fattier than others some have
nice fattiness and nice juiciness in
everybody other pieces like the first
piece we ate surprisingly lean and not
too flavorful
now the summary of the stake is it's
kind of uneven that's kind of
inconsistent some pieces are great and
Juicy and Delicious other pieces a
little Bland not too juicy not too fatty
tender yes but flavor and seasoning
lacking let's finish eating the steak
and we'll go outside for some final
thoughts
[Music]
all right guys so we just stepped
outside Salt Bay steak news red steak I
meant so we're outside the restaurant
and I kind of want to share my honest
opinion and not have staff here or
customers around me here and influence
their dining experience so overall I
think I had a pretty solid meal I kind
of take back what I said at the start of
the video I wouldn't say that the steak
was bad quality I think maybe I just got
unlucky at first with a few Bland pieces
a few more dry less fatty pieces it was
a solid steak although slightly
inconsistent but the tasty parts of the
steak weren't indeed tasty I would say
that it was probably a solid Steakhouse
maybe even depending on where you live
maybe even an above average one but here
in New York especially in Midtown and
Times Square when there's so many
legendary and so many great steakhouses
around us I would say that you could
definitely do better than newsread
especially for the money the quality per
dollar not the best out of every
restaurant I've been to that being said
I will say one thing the restaurant was
a lot of fun it was a great atmosphere
they played great trendy music both
western music both older music and some
Turkish music they sliced the steak
right in front of your eyes they do all
that salt Bay stuff it's a lot of fun
what I call news Red Steakhouse a
tourist trap I'm not so sure I mean
maybe I just have a specific definition
of tourist trap because what are you
doing as a tourist you're having fun
right you'll want fun exciting unique
experiences and at news red you
definitely are kind of getting that I
mean they're giving you a very fun
flamboyant very high energy experience
if you're a fan of Salt Bay you'll love
this restaurant you'll think it's super
fun but I guess if I have to give my
honest opinion I would say that it's
definitely overpriced even me getting
one of the cheapest things on the menu
95 bucks it's a little intense all the
gold items that cost like thousands of
dollars that is just absolutely
ridiculous and price gouging and kind of
taking advantage of people who love salt
base so much that they're going to spend
however much money you ask just for fun
experiences so okay I guess I'll say in
my opinion it's a fun restaurant it's
relatively tasty but I would probably
still consider it a tourist trap just
based on the unreasonable price but that
being said salt base restaurants are a
lot of fun they do have fun Vibes and
they really really know how to cater to
Salt Bay fans so if you're a Salt Bay
fan and you really want to have this
experience I recommend going to Salt Bay
Burger further downtown anyways guys I
think that's going to be it for this
video thank you so much for watching if
you've been to newsread Steakhouse
sulfate burger or any of news Red's
restaurants let me know in the comments
because great minds eat a like if you
like my videos make sure you like And
subscribe that way you stay up to date
whenever I post another video I need to
head out now so until next time I'll see
you later
[Music]