you are not going to want to miss this
one phow restaurant The Talk of the
Town it doesn't get a lot bigger than
this 3 month waiting list and we're here
today's the day Rich yes hello hello
here co-host back in town talk to about
this place this is good I I have had the
pleasure of eating it before this is
good what I haven't had is the cod's
head they do a cod's head in like a
Sriracha source which is meant to be
their thing I've not had that we should
have that we in for a treat yeah oh yeah
the biggest this is good this is good to
a lot of people those in the know this
is the spot if you haven't already like
And subscribe we're put an effort in as
you can tell for a change
yeah fellow let's do this good luck
getting this in 10
minutes we just put a bit of respect on
Dan's name right now I'm not sure if
this is going to be in the YouTube or
the vertical this this this piece of
camera is not helping the situation at
all we tried to get our verticals into
10 minutes oh we have to we have no
choice we have to yeah we have to that's
for Instagram right yeah for Instagram
Tik Tok and Facebook good luck Dan we
got 2our dining session if you want
Central if you want to see the full
video make sure you worked on YouTube
yeah after you rich come on here we
go oh
nervous oh
hello how are you really excited to be
here
actually only man here in a trackit Hell
my friend how you
doing yeah I'm
good we we've come to the main event now
good to see you guys excited to be here
actually so immediate First Impressions
very clean very smart look you see quite
an impressive uh looking feel wow it's
fany
amazing First Impressions we sat at the
sort of counter here overlooking the
kitchen nowhere to hide is that the head
oh my God look at that there go
[Music]
that's oh my God is that's a Cod yeah
that's pres how huge is that I didn't
know Cod was so big did
yous did so obviously the cheeks there
but then there's just meat all over it
you just pick apart dude and underneath
it there there's a
what's oh wow
[Music]
look immediately just
overwhelmed C's head that's huge one
away I was expecting a head to be like
this the smell of that was outrageous
it's like a like a a sauce PL and then
once they drown it in sauce how are you
going to tackle a head like that
well both
hands how have you been anyway yeah good
yeah wingfest um bit bit of plugging now
the uniforms back on now wingfest
tickets are back on sale so every time
you see me on on these videos the next 6
months I'll just be wearing this jumper
um London wingfest tickets are on sale
and then we've got uh going out at the
end of this month this Sheffield
wingfest new to the
lineup Bristol wingfest Derby wingfest
and still to be confirmed our dates and
timings for Manchester wingfest firming
and wingfest and potentially Norwich
wingfest that's a new one did a lot of
applauding there thank you wow so just
quickly those that don't know Wing first
is a chicken wing Festival you get the
best of the best Traders turning out
it's rich and Dance Festival the best
day out ever family friendly sometimes
boozy lot of fun check it out if you
haven't already we'll put a link to the
website in the description box that how
out for plug that's a wonderful plug
thank you I'll send you the invoice
later on now will you talk us through
highlight
the must have
everything all the menu yeah Chef yeah
no but I think very popular is the
mushroom parit yeah at the moment well
the corn R absolutely try one of them
they're dangerous and the same dangerous
I love that for a descriptive T if the
food is dangerous I want it in my mouth
definitely want to try the the C the C
is very interesting okay very very
interesting you know I really love the C
they cook in a very particular way so
it's very very interesting and
definitely if you want to try something
funny the Cabbage or the CIF flower on
the plants or all the meat you know we
have the life barbecue so whatever you
incredible yeah the live barbecue is for
your steaks yeah for all the steaks in
the mid the cooking on the live fire of
course is um have I read somewhere that
the mushroom parfait is made of
mushrooms that are grown in here yes
you're right part of the mushroom that
growing out we have some mushroom on
display on the on the on the top one
should we got have a look have a look
can we see can
see all we can go down yeah let's do it
can we go yeah is all right absolutely I
love your by
way Wicked mushroom room here we go F's
about to get Wy there's not mushroom
here oh not bad for you Dad stop trying
to steal my he's he's a fun guy he's
such a fun guy thank you yeah all right
oh this way that way
follow
[Music]
wow Jesus this is dark it does break now
don't worry oh there we
go oh my
[Music]
God mushroom room so down this
way the mushroom room time for a couple
minutes so I just got to move us a
couple of things out this way just to be
able to access it in the corner he's a
secret room the grow hey if you haven't
subscribed already things are changing
around there like And subscribe
please I didn't expect this did you this
is good this is really exive yeah I
don't think many people have seen this
this is great I've heard a tale on it so
you you've only like sort of read about
that you yeah yeah no I just I read that
they they grew them here I've read a lot
about the par uh but yeah I mean that
was that was all I knew it's excited I
feel that energy in the air it's like
smells amazing amazing
so you can see you got to pull it out
towards you yeah yeah there you go there
you go
way yeah D yeah all right and then you
can film them least if he falls at least
if he falls it'll be get on
camera you're all good it's in there
let's get his cck cam
oh one for the
ladies oh we're not
hungry
wow well
yeah what are we looking at you good
there's not much there's kilos I don't
think I don't
think shaky after oh wow Jesus what are
these so these are it's not much room
for you up here is yeah we we normally
send the later chefs up
there oh W may we may we you can uh what
we sort of need you up here to talk us
through it otherwise we're just standing
in a room full of musroom absolutely I
can come up there if you
want my God behind the scenes in fell up
in the back cupboard did you expect this
no all right so are we going to fall
through this ceiling no it's uh you sure
it's been reinforced I mean famous last
words but yeah hope not
where we're in a uh this is magnificent
right talk us through it so basically
this is our mushroom growing room we
keep it completely controlled with uh
air conditioning in here to keep it at a
nice temperature the the mushrooms are
happy and then also we have a buil-in uh
humidification that's it so that's
already kind of water will lead into
that goes off during the course of the
day keeps a certain humidity and that
way we keep all the mushrooms nice and
happy while they're growing does does
this room allow you to get enough crop
for your restaurant or is this an
additional it's an additional so
basically what it is is we use this a
lot in our garnish and stuff and then
through the kind of picking process we
end up with a lot of the mushroom trim
so some of that will get dried out going
into a seasoning powder some of it will
go back into like the puree for the for
the mushroom parfait wow uh and then it
kind of just gets used up throughout
different dishes in the restaurant but
then the main lion Mains what gets
picked and the raw ones on top and this
that was my next question this is lion's
made mushroom these are lion's made
mushrooms yeah yeah what's the what's
the written the the reason for using
this particular mushroom so they're
actually just a quite easy mushroom to
kind of control in their environments
we've tried different ones gray oysters
is another one that kind of work out out
really well a lot of them tend to be a
little bit finicky with their
environment and stuff and we just found
that the Lion's man tend to thrive in a
bit more of a a larger range of kind of
temperature and humidity if you will so
it just kind of allows you to might get
a good crop yeah it's the best yield
that we've kind of had we uh done some
different experiments with some
different mushrooms we tried to do myi
at one point didn't work out but you
know had to try for it cuz it's one of
the more expensive mushrooms out there
so what I've got you cornered up in the
mushroom room and I ask you what makes
he can't go anywhere now you can't avoid
you can't you can avoid no questions
here now you're in the hot seat what
makes phow so special from someone who's
working on the inside to be honest it's
just the way that we treat all of our
ingredients like it doesn't even matter
that it has to be like say a meat
product where we're doing like a nose to
tail thing but also like our veg so
we're trying to utilize every last bit
of that veg every single like you know
way that we can possible if we could
transform it into something new whether
it be like the ends of the mushrooms
drying them off turning them into like a
seasoning you know again those end muss
going into purees even all the veg the
way we process it um a lot of our uh
Sunday roast stuff they were trying to
transform into something new so all of
our potato trim actually goes into our
fermented potato flatbread now so we
really try and have zero waste even when
it comes to like veg as well excellent
magnificent that is magnificent well
appreciate that that's
amazing we've heard so much great stuff
about you guys here um I thought i' ask
you when you can't run away up here
should we have the N from pafa oh
absolutely yeah yeah there we go mad the
hardest food content right now on the
Internet is here if you don't know get
to
know don't care what you are you ain't
getting in the mushroom room the fellow
mushroom room it's EAS for me got come
down the ladder is
pucking this actually makes me laugh a
lot lad this is the hardest working
ladder you've ever seen but that's why
we have more people
we're like the clown car we just keep
coming out
now
comate yeah you're welcome let's go
thank you very much don't worry welome
enjoy your
day
sorry wrong sorry sorry sorry sorry
sorry sorry guys have a me not yet not
yet what are you having everything I
think
everything head this is brilliant right
is brilliant uh completely magnificent
brilliant I don't know what I was
expecting with the menu but there's a
little like closeup for you
guys like a lot of rare breed and I
think I think the uh well so the whole
their ethos on their steak and their
burgers is dairy cow so it's a cow
that's obviously been used to produce
milk that's now been retired turned into
meat what a what a magnificent kitchen
as well like all open plan everyone can
see each other the communication here
will be second tonight there's no
nothing blocking anyone well did you see
how many they had downstairs in the prep
kitchen that's just the prep kitchen and
these are obviously the this is the
service kitchen I just want to also put
so much respect on Chefs the hour the
passion the attention to detail the long
hours on social hours there something
about Chef
wanting to provide good food for us the
public that I just absolutely love that
sort of caring nature what you going you
go in your n's house when you're a kid
or something and and she used to make
food for you that cuz she loved you and
you could take and you could taste that
I think that's what you're going to get
for someone like this oh definitely that
that's the magic for
me yeah awesome Christmas special so
good you never know really with a with a
head people get funny about it I I
thought it camera I thought it wasant
yeah awesome
respect good yeah nice to see you yeah
good yeah it was a pleasure to have you
back anyway pleasure me this this like
the next level of excitement for us yeah
yeah yeah it's good more to try it's
like a it's like a games room can I just
can you just answer one question what is
your background with the team when you
first where where have you come from so
my um so Jack who's my business part we
both worked at dinner by hon right so we
worked there for I did about 4 and a
half years there Jack was there for
about 8 years and we just you know when
we were there we just literally had our
heads down so and you know know dinners
and the whole H group is quite a quite a
strange little world cuz you can't post
about anything you can't do anything
it's very s yeah yeah so then we came
out of that and then just we did about
four residencies and then like four
popups and then opened up on heading the
street and then yeah it's just me and
Jack two Chef owners um right we got
another business partner as well that's
about it but yeah now we just got some
great sounds like a good story just got
a good team awesome all right I'm going
to
cat
um one thing to report the water is ice
cold ice cold good cuz I am
sweating restaurant talk immediate
reaction you've got three or four guys
hosts coming over checking you're okay
you're good are you okay this you feel
waited on they can't do enough for you
no that's an immediate and's and let's
make that isn't just because we're here
with the camera I have been here before
without a camera as a as a nobody
without that and the service is still
except exceptional absolutely
exceptional great question for Rich what
percentage of a meal would you put down
to Ambiance five and service quite High
actually it's a number yeah quite High
um so I actually think that you can save
a bad food
meal uh some of the way with great
service and great Ambience So based on
that like maybe even the highest 40% I I
would
yeah yeah really not saying bad meal but
like if I've had great the vibe is great
the ambience is fantastic service
everyone's brilliant I'm happy as long
as the food ticks a lot the boxes
walking away with a smile yeah yeah yeah
I mean it's to be the best the
restaurants that are the best they have
the full package right the emphasis is
not is on every element of it Seas L
squee on top I had a I had a go uh of
making corn ribs during lockdown
successful no not really I'm expecting
big
things
Fantastic look at that so yeah so we
have our cheese and leak cets here as
well cheese and onion sorry cheese and
leak cheese and leak yeah cheese and
leak so yeah again utilizing the whole
part of the leak so we got some of the
white that's cooked down in there the
green is kind of part of the top of the
crumb so again utilizing every part of
that LE and then here we have our pet
parfait wow comes from the mushroom room
as you guys just saw it's a bit of fresh
truff to for you guys
lovely look at this levelo come on
[Music]
wow there we
goti yeah enjoy thank
you that is Elite something that is
Elite level something gets me wildly
aroused about any type of fresh tr get
way great in is the
motion we know Matt we know oh God I'm
getting so fancy I used to like kebabs
now look at
me G in go in come we also remember to
try and save some fruit of D today yeah
well there's there's three so leave him
half ladies and gents thank you for
still being here all jokes aside this is
culinary magic right now so hopefully we
can Port tra in the right way that's why
I brought professional along well
sorry that's why profession but they
wasn't available so I got
R is he late is he so let's go yeah
let's go yeah here we go it's cheese and
leak nice sauce underneath look bit of
delicate bits on top not even sure what
that is let's
[Music]
go oh
man need a bit of time to think about
how to describe that
[Music]
one that is a bomb of flavor
the texture on it it's um holds together
perfectly until you bite into it and
then it just explodes explodes a bom of
flavor it's
amazing
wow that's a Crocket very cheesy very
creamy it has that sort of strong flavor
to it as well that's not a great dish
black and white big flavor Mitch is
playing juggling with his KN wow
sensational let's move on to these shall
we yes
sir look at
those dare I say it look at they look
something youd see in a lot of different
places so these really for me have got
to try and W right well why don't you
squeeze the lime on yeah
[Music]
okay lime Jesus is back just when you
think it's done it comes back for
more wow very soft you eat them like a
spare rib
right m
oh
my they the on you made no no no no
that's like
magic they're so good they're so
good I'm easily pleased but n stop that
what's this what is this where they
getting these from the Flavor the
seasoning on these is
outstanding
what there's a delicate season in that
that does something in your mouth that
Umami sweet
[Music]
spicy
[Music]
what still laughing over there it it is
so good Dan it is so good it's laab it's
so good they're like um very meaty but
there's a sweetness and a deep warmth
that balances perfectly was also kind of
Juicy and like a little bit crunchy and
a little bit meaty and a little bit like
you you you've taken the words out of my
mouth that everything he says there does
a lot that seasoning any CH you just
give me a tub and I can not tell anyone
we do s it
online pick up B sriracha and our seon
it online there you go little sales plug
well done we we discerned off camera
that that is exceptional season not been
thrown together by any sort of di that
is very very delicate super special
super special I don't mean they did a Dr
say but it's not a sort of thing you're
going to make at home bit paprika G is
bit of B right let's get into this
ladies and gent I'm so excited this is
the mushroom
C so we've got it looks like we've got
some onions there some truffle bit of
mushroom on top and go generous really
go greedy on your
PA I'd certainly
[Music]
will
so this is this is um one of the
flagship dishes yes right yes wow bro
here we go perfectly toasted striped up
toast just how we like it here we go
Rich you go first come
on you going to I thought you're going
to nail the whole
[Music]
lot it just creamy I've got to go get in
there a perf it should be
[Music]
mushroom
Jam creamy mushroom
Jam the consistency of it is off the
jar this is how food should taste you've
got texture from the mushroom on top
very
subtle
try that mushroom by
itself just like it's just like you
think that the mushroom that from
upstairs what do they say that maybe
Lion's man is that a bit of lion's man
you got some sweetness from the
caramelized onion I believe you've also
got that strong truffle flavor from the
Truffle shavings on
[Music]
top everything I expected a
more and actually not something I would
order wow we we had a par in um handed
flowers didn't we we' had a couple of
pares now in these videos can you recall
that one they're they're quite different
in um texture that was a duck that was a
duck p a duck PA wasn't it yeah it's
great to see mushroom yeah presented
like that as well yeah definitely yeah
yeah wow starters I'm going to I'm going
to save a bit for you now Dan thank you
yeah I forgot about that first second
course third day forgot about Dan
already yeah I do actually see quite a
lot of comments saying oh I hope Dan
gets a bit of the food I I don't ever
see those comments no you missed those
on the people that are commenting that
I'll see you thank you Dan can we get
some love in the comments now Dan star
of the show hardest working man in the
game there you are it's very kind thank
you so that was a blinding start I'm
excited for What's Next price point cett
£7 cor ribs £8 and the parfait
£18 cool so crab saled guys oh wow it's
a new dish we have that we put on for
New Year that we just kept around cuz
it's so so delicious the base of this is
a a ponzu crab oil so we get all the
shells cook them down with a lot of
spices Infuse it and we get our oil
Infuse it even more to get more flavor
through it we make a ponzu so kind of a
soy based Japanese Sauce mix it together
to this nice crab ponzu base you have
like a nice mixed crab salad in the
Middle with a bit of garlic lemon mayil
going through it and you have a fresh um
cabbage salad which has been pickled
pickle cabbage on top for a bit of
acidity and freshness pickled lemon some
fresh sea egge there and a bit of caviar
as well for that decadence then you have
your crab waffle it's a crab waffle yeah
well it's it's a it's a homemade moled
waffle um which we put a nice crab glaze
on with a bit of crab seasoning so it's
like literally like essence of crab this
is one of my favorite things ever it's a
kind of like Arte on a taramasalata
there's a few greet guys who would have
a go at me for saying that but it's
essentially like a whipped cadro um
really nice and smoked so whipped smoked
cadro with a bit of garlic in there a
bit of lemon and then to finish off with
a bit more oil as well wow kind of just
eat it all together on top and just go
for it all together so I'll put that on
that and then have a bite or maybe you
can put that on that however you want
freestyle um can I ask you're also well
known for your breakfast aren't you are
does the waffle dish maker onto it does
it does in another way but you have to
come for that don'tu different to this
absolutely it's a different waffle it's
done in a different way we also have a
another waffle that we have on a dessert
with a nice English cheese the bar and
Bard on there with a nice uh few little
bits and bobs for yeah wow rich is very
well versed in Waffle not this but not
this sort of waffle CS lots of waffle
lots of waffle okay thank you brother
I'm going be honest be really honest I
didn't understand a lot of what he was
saying that was just like layer upon
layer layer of of uh intricate stuff I
can't wait to eat that yeah this is just
about us appreciating it isn't it that
we could never no create we just have to
just eat this this is what so exciting
right how you meant to break that down
wow okay let's should we have this and
this to start with and then have that
yeah yeah sure that might be a bit
stronger yeah okay
cool what a spoon okay I I probably use
a knife to cut it different techniques
in ity hey
hey
here we
go here we go
wow it's like a crab waffle strong smell
is it oh it smells all crap
[Music]
yeah shut up no really watch his
face shut that's around in my
[Music]
life
that
is the WAFF is
Sensational who have thought T Salata
would make it even better there's a
there's a an oil there crab prous you
get the crab from that CRA very subtle
but it's also super sweet and like
syrupy yeah yeah I'm not ready for this
I'm just not ready for it that is that
is that is really good my mind my mind
is not ready for this I need to go back
to KFC we get go get a kebab after I
need a kebab just to bring me back down
to
earth incredible like delic but very
powerful you know you're eating that so
everything he said when he was
describing it which we were like okay
what's going on here when you bite into
it you you start realizing it you taste
all the different bits of it it's
amazing amazing that is
amazing what the is this right so so
there's the that's the
crab sort of
just I think I've done really well
though I'm going to go
[Music]
in no I'm not not sure I'm ready for
this here we
go this place is a
joke place is an absolute
joke
[Music]
[Music]
just if you're in the in the food
business just pack up your [ __ ] off home
it's over H is the king that good he's
good's the best good is it it's life
they've got a brilliant understanding of
what people actually
want I've been to a few places where
they just make this absolute nonsense
that you just you don't understand it it
doesn't resonate this is sorry Dan yours
go go on watch Dan go on go on just eat
my food cuz what I'm going to do is what
he said oh he said um take a bit of this
didn't he crab on top of your uh said
take you're going to get conscious sweet
there
now wa here we
go best
[Music]
ever that is one of the best mouth BS
I've ever
had an elite level M Dan do you mind a
new scale just a little I do a little
bit off the end you go do you mind a
little bit you got to do that a little
bit Dan tin little bit yeah go on Dan
has still got one mouthful yeah right
each other chatting other yeah get loads
on
it get a load of juice on it get a bit
more juice on it big caval get a bit
more juice on it
juice so that's how you eat
this I don't know if I'm going to be
vulgar
now it feels like a straight
Leo
do you know that's like a climax for the
mouth you know when your eyes are
rolling back in your head and you just
release pure ecstasy ecstasy you've
reached the Secret Gardens of culinary
Babylon it's over
wow I never thought this was possible
man that's just done something again not
something I would ever ever consider
ordering
the guy said it was
dangerous that's lifethreatening
you're not coming back from this food is
ruined now food is ruined it's
over Dan you've got to try this come
on Wow ah head the big boy are you
talking about are you talking about the
Cod ladies and G present to you fish and
chips so cont signature dishes basically
it started off when um Jack and R the
two uh co-owners used to work at dinner
by hon and for star food sometimes they
had C heads because um often the
fisherman just threw threw them away or
use them as bait for the next uh next
trip the whole idea behind it is you get
a lot of different styles of fish in
kind of one plate so the collor is um
kind of normal white flaky cby but you
mean like here so that so that's the
head and this is the collar okay so that
collar is like normal flesh that You' be
used to eating right when you get down
to the the head that's when it gets a
bit funkier and a bit different so you
have the cheek which is a very very
juicy that be I'm that bit there yeah
that bit there you have the eye which
you can't eat I wouldn't recommend it it
doesn't taste bad just a weird texture
to honest it's not we're not on a bush
no but under the eye you have a really
soft fatty fish is under the eye under
the eye right behind the eye so it's
amazing would you have to go in just FP
FP the whole thing a
turn go in from the back my
man my parents are going to watch this
so
I'm Jing so
um uh get into the
throat this meant to be a fancy
restaurant brother so get into the
throat this a
PG really really nice the throat did you
say this PG please
get so the the throat um is really nice
and gelatinous and um really soft so
it's a different sign of meat so you can
just attack it there's a few bones in
there but they're all nice large bones
nothing small nothing uh nothing small
and horrible this is a Sriracha butter
emultion so we make Sriracha in the
house ferment chilies and garlic for a
few months then we make a butter emotion
from that sauce just go for it attack it
flip upside down one question sorry I
saw you putting a green uh oil on there
what is that so that's a green oil
that's pretty much all our green herb
trim and waste we turn into a nice green
oil a bit more flavored it looks Nic
well um really Matt should eat the eye
though shouldn't he I think so I think
110% should eat the eye yeah
why such a large number maybe like a 68%
I think 100% you should eat I'll
do thank you so much these fries comu
fries crazy comu is a type of seaweed
naturally occurs naturally Umami so so
delicious it's got like a bit of Paprika
in there a lot of flavors but go for it
guys enjoy it right Rich before we start
price point on this the Cod said 28
chips £7 don't know about the the
sausage yet but I think for the head
rich we should probably go cheek I've
heard a lot about cheek yeah well we
know where it is so let's start that's a
good start I don't have to attack this
from the back now here we go ah so first
of all guys very very soft Under the
Skin beautiful man beautiful here we go
that was nicely done well done mate well
done that's the cheat and look can you
just like just show you oh wow look
there's more white meat yeah yeah like
face
[Music]
yes please yeah love
[Music]
some just a bit of obv thing there's so
much meat in the head already you can
see under Hill like look can go look at
that look it's literally
[Music]
more don't ruin the eye you got to eat
out of it another piece of meat out oh
thank you that's I'll give him all like
the random face fish the face giblet
Matt can I sauce you please oh please oh
the than me yes so
wow so let's cut this up to Rich yeah oh
wow here you go rich brother sorry mate
there you
go this is the cheat guys now long-term
viewers of the the channel will know
that we love fish and chips Cod is
probably my alltime favorite I'm really
excited to try this cheek meat is very
very well known in most animals never
had this short cheap before going to
throw in a couple chips too way describe
these chips while away I know
seawing so going to go quick CH my
second bite cheers
[Music]
everyone that grows in your mouth you
got that initial Char on the skin yeah
the very very buttery sauce that's
buttery is anything with a slight bit of
warm do you know what I wasn't expecting
how meaty is that cheap it's it's like
it's not flaky like a traditional like
cod and a bit of fish and chip that was
actually there was a bit not in a bad
way there was a bit of fight to it was
great analis you had to you had to like
into it but in a pleasant
way more cheek here as
well let's have some of
these oh my God the
chip
oh no so I'm going have to attack it
from the back now I think oh my go get
the other Che out no I can't eat that I
think I think your fans your subscribers
will be disappointed if you don't eat
that M it's got fluid in it bro bro go
on then here we go put a bit of sauce on
it hang onang put a bit of sauce on it
now here we
[Music]
go
that's not that
[Music]
bad it's a massive fish ey as
well did the source
[Music]
help that beyond
disgusting talk about the eye not the
fish what have we
done have the other one as well just
make sure you don't like it it might the
second bite might be tasty it might have
just been a bad one it might have just
been a bad
[Music]
one
[Music]
no no just have a swing of
[Music]
go it's really
nice right that I was an experience
[ __ ] just whisper to me I did that 20
years ago never do it again it pops in
my mouth the outer Co of the eye is
really really solid and all I can think
about it was pretty gross but I did it
and it was a bit of fun right but back
to the main fish you summed it up really
perfectly very meaty not flaky like You'
get a fillet traditionally from Cod very
interesting flavor this is from the cola
and I think a little bit more what I'm
used
to wow look at
that
buttery yeah I would say the texture on
the head is more comparative to like a
monk fish sorry just a bit heavier a bit
meater um if you're trying to picture it
at home what this it tastes like picture
more like a Monkish you've also got that
Char flavor on the outside which brings
again another texture to it really
really interesting like nothing I've had
yeah works for
me I'll be honest is this my favorite
thing I've ever
no it's not chip Sensational wow factor
delicious tasty I'm not sure I I
understand it but that's okay we've got
different opinions right yeah definitely
they did say though as well podhe head
is a bit more adventurous it splits the
crowd but again use him as part of the
fish with some different kinds of meat
this is we got in the bin and they're
using it as a as a as a Starline product
I think the ey tainted me there a little
bit I can't deny it if I just remember
the cheek before I love the cheek then
the eye just put me into into death zone
one does love the
cheat which is back on the
waffle I wanted to spit it out a lot
yeah there was a moment halfway through
then it crunched again I got the inner
actual ball which felt really hard like
a a tissue
marble like a tenderness when you get
the knock
chicken wing or something yeah like that
but hard ball and it was just like quite
not for me not for me but a lot of
cultures they celebrate their head the
eyeball the brains is the best part I'm
not going to stop my nose at this at all
fantastic
bravy uh I'm I'm all for it C head you
got to get it but yeah so this is our
dairy cow so typically we've we've been
using dairy cow for a while we found
it's quite hard to get a really good
product cuz it's different grading
system um but basically this is 12 years
old and then fat fattened and matured on
on grass in Ireland it's got super
beautiful developed fat but it's the
texture of the meats you know slightly
it's a little bit firmer but it's got
such a like an abundant flavoring saying
it's rich as long as it's flavorsome I
don't mind having a CH a little bit of
texture exactly yeah no yeah and then we
we take the bones off um because always
I was F with the said always lack of the
Bon Al be T it when there's loads of
good meat on there as well so we bra
them separately cover them in red wine
sauce these are like some little pickle
smoke Peppers we've got a horse Rish gel
on the side I'm just going to put a
little bit of truffle on
there and and what what's the cut again
so this is a RI ey this is the rib in
and and also quite a large piece of
steak there as well it's a big beautiful
got a little bit comy cabbage here so we
smoke it and then we serve it with a Meo
Emulsion we got um really intense black
gu as well pickle walnuts smoke chest on
there as well SP awesome thank you very
much fantastic well amazing wow uh in
case you haven't noticed table change
yeah we' got we got upgraded actually so
will the owner just he dumped us at the
bar and forgot and then someone else
came but we've got this table now
apparently it's the best seat in the
house we got it till 7 so we're we're
good basically after Matt at the eye
yeah and rolled around made such a big
scene they told Corner who who's this
pleb in the
trackit
steak that
looks it just look Sensational I think
the one second one second
one that might be the best looking steak
I've ever seen honest it's certainly got
a lot going on on top isn't it 12y old
ex dairy cow so it's served its time
back to the past J Irish be F back up on
grass he said it can be a bit chewy but
loads of flavor so let's see how she's
been cooked
[Music]
God come
on Rich are you in yeah I'm in mate
nicely carved too by the way trule on
top hello
hello that looks
[Applause]
incredible yeah I got that
too
flavor
that's a that is a bit of me that's just
everything you want in a
steak got that
crust very intense flavor there's a
there's a there's a deep and
beefy
[Music]
beefy so those that I didn't see there
was
a live fire this is a which actually
engulf the steak with look at this you
know it's like very very charred off oh
God literally open fire smoke Flames
[Music]
salt on the bone steak the best in the
business here
fellow the fat is actually sweet is the
fat pretty tasty as well
they it's cooked so well it's
melting for the fat I'm salivating over
it the fat the Fat's melting the fat is
where it needs to be but how easy would
it be for the team here to not use x
Dairy yeah but every other restaurant
they still put their own
twist they put their flag PED in the
ground go this is who we are this is the
sort of meat we want to celebrate this
is how we're going to cook it and this
is why we think is better what you're
serving and you can taste it it is
delicious um look at this look at this
so we've just been doing the meat look
at this this Jew in here this Rich beef
gravy whatever it is coming in here
right look oh look at that bind to the
meat oh my
[Music]
God it's almost like a like a
soy
wow it's just mind bending Le special
high-end Bal gravy yeah high-end Bal
yeah I love B so that's a
compliment that is delicious try some of
this um this is like a horseradish puree
or something as well here on the right
on the left it's like a horseradish
puree wow it's nice with the beef as
[Music]
well these guys got such an
understanding of flavors yep texture
flavor the
animal just using every part of the the
not only the animal but also the the off
cuts the veg the potato the broths the
stews the sauces the emulsions phow what
an amazing
concept this is very
good the color of that meat that is
something else isn't it largely
considered London's most exciting and
best restaurant can I see why
yes
oh
[ __ ] and then also you
[Music]
get
woo I didn't take much COA in no just
have to look here with a Stern set of
eyes and it falls
[Music]
off kings and queens I'm not eating
better than
this sorry
Charles I can't get enough of this look
at that look where it moves around the
plate look at the viscosity of
it
woo c um the yeah talk to me about this
so V that is
bit
you so the whole idea behind like fow is
like whole animal bit so we got all our
animals downstairs so we get half a cow
half a pig Etc so we break it all down
we use all the trim for our stocks we
use all our all our nice heat for our
burgers and sausages pork shm that kind
of stuff right we always end up with
loads of Bones so those bones we roast
in the oven get really nice and dark get
a lot of color on it a lot of flavor
then the trim the seny bits we get from
the but tree we also put into the stock
sweat it all over the bit of carrot
onion then you add in all your bones
water cook it down then you get your
stock you get a massive pot of stock you
reduce down to literally nothing and
that's your flavor redu from that to
make that one you then reduce red wine
oh my goodness even more add that to the
reduced St and you Mont with butter to
get a nice finish season it up with a
bit of vinegar all that kind of stuff
and that's the finished sauce that
is Flavor comes from it's very powerful
very powerful how long does that process
take probably like two two days wow if
you want to do it properly two yeah two
days two two full days delicious and you
enjoy it tast all also we enjoyed you as
well you and the team it's a it's a
great team
to you guys really interesting to have
you chatting with us as well because
obviously you all do know everything
about the issues that's the thing and
it's just like when people like you guys
who are passionate about it get to see
it right it's just like it's great to be
able to explain it to you guys right cuz
we we come in we comeing at what 8 um
work hard so people would appreciate it
explain it Mak better well you've
explained it very well thank
you I mean uh get some desserts and
stuff yeah you might as well you might
one yeah I'll get I'll get i'll now
thank you so much can I take I'll take
that
home yeah not I'm absolutely price point
on that those that want to know that
worked out at
£92
but fed all three of fed three of us and
there's less yeah I can't eat anymore
haded so much food I've got some on my
plate too there well I can't leave
that more than reasonable completely so
to finish you off we have our one of our
signatures here this a Chelsea tart Serv
with a milk ice cream a little dusting
of mold and salt Terrible by the way
that looks awful we have uh salted
vanilla soft Serv served an apple compt
and crispy Apple
that's Chelsea
chel the style of like a cost T um a
little bit of salted caramel in there we
actually Source um whe which is a
byproduct of cheese making from a local
cheese maker and we reduce it from 60 L
right down to 1 lit so super
concentrated Rich um yeah enjoy thank
you thank you if you if you ever read a
CH to
um no that's that's
IG I'm out a few
um this is a nice place boys please yeah
I'm in a I me I answered it nicely I
think shall
we yes please
do so 60 L down to
[Music]
one I haven't got a good ratio
there
[Music]
I'm just going in this straight that now
hang on a minute going to save the rest
for you hang on a
minute shut
up right it's deep it's filthy it's
silky it's strong but nicely creamy and
balance it's like sucking on a W's
original Oh yes yes yes exactly what it
tastes like that smooth and gentle silky
Sweetness in your mouth Yes replicated
in a physical food form on a plate here
in central
London I can't stand up
now wow magnificent what do you
think the um I don't know if the texture
or consistency whichever way you want to
describe it is so heavy and Rich and
amazing but like know something you
can't eat too much easily exactly yeah
it's not like just going to sit on you
and you're going to be that you could
you could eat a whole one of those
yourself
I really
good this place is special though this
place is so special I know we've had
like crab cabbage and stuff and a fish
head
but the flavors all feel very
nostalgic it feels very like homely in
here very homely yeah it doesn't feel
obscure welcome comfortable it doesn't
feel obscure I don't feel out of place
or insignificant it just like make you
feel like you could come back and go
yeah I really like that place that's
probably the best review I could give
this like feel comfortable someone who's
not particularly comfortable in this sub
environment I feel comfortable oh great
manate isn't it yeah it's really nice
yeah feels very normal right going oh
wow that's very soft I was expecting I
shouldn't have gone in
[Music]
twice what is that
Bumble there's Apple in
[Music]
there that's a wicked bit of
soft got Apple
mhm R
[Music]
Bar this is your Classic Soft
Serve crunchy crumble Apple salt of
caramel sweet cold
warm
home hard hitting hearty romantic
food executed to the 10th
degree
[Music]
yeah this is
wicked we we smoked before we came in
right it's a top draw shout out amazing
Channel got Social Media stuff they've
doing at the moment interviewing people
a lot of very
influential highly regarded chefs and
people in this sector say this is their
favorite
restaurant you can see why right you can
see why yeah London is a metropolis of
food and it's is Untold answers to that
one question where's your favorite place
you've got hundreds of styles places
variations and for a lot of people all
to say this place it's quite a big claim
and I can see why
yeah that's so nostalgic and
delicious you w that from J
Raina yeah I couldn't put it back myself
maning amazing getting the bill yeah PID
for it already actually I paid for it in
tickets to the
Wi those vouchers what should do is just
leg it I'll go
first let's go that way is that way
yeah Dan please try that right
now there we have it that's an
incredible meal uh fell thanks for
joining us rich oh M thank you I
honestly think I honestly think that was
my favorite ever read very largely
largely because of how comfortable they
made us feel in that restaurant it felt
like your front room weirdly they were
young with a soft Edge to them that made
you feel part of the family really weird
vibe about the place in a positive way
what' you be oh I'm going to be dreaming
about that uh brother's original tart we
had at the end I mean the whole menu was
incredible but that tart at the end I'm
dreaming about her it already
oh he loves the Chelsea TP he does but
on a chef level it's technical smart
flavorsome very very moist after you off
you technical smart brilliant uh
extravagant and the way they using the
whole plant and animal the same equal
respect love it it's just time for a
score oh it's hard 10 hard 10 one of the
hardest 10 hard 10 is it yeah new new
scale 10 off the chart and what what are
you going to do about it you'll do
nothing best restaurant in London quite
possibly and of course I hope you have
enjoyed this video one more time if you
want to hit up wingfest there's a link
to that Disneyland of food in the
comments below or the description oh
there it is let how you spell it
w.co put a link on the screen right now
underneath me is the website more
editing work for you Dan thanks very
much you're welcome but don't forget to
give us a thumbs up sub you haven't
already and we'll see you again very
very soon but that that's the standard
of what we're going to be doing this
year