today we're going on an Italian food
tour in Florence
Italy if you haven't come here if you
haven't eaten the sandwich you haven't
fully experienced
Florence it gets the dip oh the
[Music]
dip we're in the birthplace of galato
take a little bit of the espresso with
some of the gelato standing in an alley
in Florence stuff chicken neck by far
the grandest most luxurious anti Pasto
I've ever experienced in my life
life-changing roast
[Music]
beef get ready for street food
sandwiches gelato and some of the best
traditional Florentine
food hey everyone hope you're having an
amazing day it's marqueen and welcome to
the beautiful City of
Florence
which is the capital of Tuscany in
Italy it's a UNESCO world heritage site
and the center of medieval and
Renaissance history and
culture and of course there is some
amazing food here and so we're beginning
with probably what is one of the most
famous sandwiches in the
world welcome to Alano Veno most
legendary famous sandwich in Florence in
Italy one of the most famous sandwiches
in the entire world step inside they
have all the menu up on the wall you can
just feel the legendary status here I
mean so many people celebrities this is
one of those places that people say if
you haven't come here if you haven't
eaten the sandwich you haven't fully
experienced and visited Florence okay
guys next please that's for the kids oh
man and I think part of the thing here
is that the the staff are really
friendly welcoming and just so
passionate about what they do yes okay
cool come on guys that's
our wow best stinks for you
look that's wonderful look at the
bubbliness of that fresh bread incoming
incoming yeah that bread is
amazing and how's we
say oh that Aroma oh it's so bubbly and
Airy and crispy all at the same time
what is what is the type of bread called
the bread is called skata which means
press cuz it's not like really fluffy
like a bread but it's more like a fuka
bread similar to fuka buta but it's
crunchier okay but
crunchier so what what can we
do uh definitely I want to try the laoso
is the most famous one yeah it's the
most famous basically it's the sandwich
that makes sand that made you guys the
INF The Inferno and Inferno my favorite
actually the spicy
one oh that bread look
amazing so this one is the this one is
the one you're making salami from
Florence Theona salami with white
Channel
inside oh it's monstrous this is your
fabulosa thank you hope you like it
thank
you
can and can I make a special sandwich
for you guys yes called the Paradiso
which The Inferno is called is the hell
the parad diesel is the paradise this
used to be a limited edition sandwich
but everybody likes it so much that now
is like one of the most sell sandwich we
have it's made with a pistachio sauce
with a balone
second can you make Stella cheese you
know guys what's the Stella right no I
don't know the Bata okay basically the
best part of the Bata the inside and the
chopped pistach on top
wow it's the fancy sandwich
yeah this one is half of the size cuz
the entire one is bigger this is what's
used in The Inferno in The Inferno it's
a pork belly that WS all the interior
part of the pork the stomach all the
organs are stuffed inside of it these
are all the interior part of the pork
all wrapped with the pork belly it look
like it's like the entire Pig just
rearranged that's
correct and this is the Parma ham how
many sandwiches it would be more more
than 50 for sure roughly I cannot say
precisely 200 it's such an honor to be
in the kitchen
the Mastery of
sandwiches oh I'm going to order the
Inferno the meat is sliced fresh goes
directly onto the bread and then this
one is the the spicy cream like it isya
okay duya goes on oh man there we go
that just handful W of meat goes on
eggplant slicey spicy egg
PL and the arugula oh and the arugula
olive oil a drizzle of olive
oil and there you go with The Inferno
thank you what's inside um cream made uh
by the blood of pork called nuya which
is
spicy yeah sighty spicy eggplants a
roasted pork and AR rugula perfect oh
yeah that one looks amazing yeah finally
time to eat man there are sandwich
magicians just that bread you can
already tell is special it's so crispy
feeling it and then so bubbly fluffy on
the inside oh this one is the The
Inferno the spicy one with Uya with the
the pork with the eggplant with arugala
rocket on the inside and olive oil this
is a spectacular sandwich just look at
the it's huge the
insides
wo I think I
got a PCT of the
pig oh
man the bread is amazing the olive oil
the
crispiness the
bubbliness
Thea it's so flavorable with the
creaminess of the eggplant the the spice
of the rocket the olive
oil awesome that bread is something
special so that first bite on the
sandwich this is skin that's how you
know it's the real real pig real pork
everything used nothing goes to the
waste pieces of Skin Within it and the
texture is
amazing so good the combination the
fluffiness everything is in a Harmony
together but I love that bread oh it's
so good I love how you got the indya the
creaminess of the fried
eggplant
okay so we got another version to try
their most famous sandwich for this one
it's called brona which is uh fennel
seed salami pecorino cream artichoke
cream there's eggplant in here and
that's this is the foundation of they
said that built their sandwich Empire
this is the sandwich Cheers Cheers
[Music]
what a
sandwich wow oh
man what which one are you eating
now oh bed amazing
man it's like you could just Dart around
this entire Lane just double-handed
sandwiches that bread is incredible
and this one has a totally different
taste actually the ingredients the
salami this one is with u fennel seed
you really taste the flavor of that
fennel seed and those creams and the
flavor of the creamy eggplant is will
really just adds to it contrasting the
texture of the crunchy crispy bread
watch and you have
another
W this one's am you taste the garlic in
it as well the garlic
yeah what's amazing also is it is huge
and it looks huge but it goes down so
easily I think because of the fluffiness
of the bread like and The Addictive
taste I mean you just keep biting you
just keep eating all of a sudden you
finish it
off W okay we've got one more to try
this one is the Paradiso that he
specifically made for us full of
pistachios
you're definitely going to get some of
that on your cheek the nuttiness of the
pistachios in that
pistol the
creaminess I love the nuts I love the
pistachios this one's really rich and
creamy and again that like I think he
said it was
balona just totally shaved thin melts in
your mouth
Every Sandwich has a completely
different
flavor they must have thousands of
combinations they could make now we're
going out man what a sandwich shop I
mean I understand a little what a little
bit more why it's the world's most
famous sandwich shop I mean we got here
right as they opened they were already
busy when we got here you can only
imagine as you start to get towards
lunchtime this entire Lane filled with
people ordering sandwiches eating just
enjoying this Landmark culinary
destination in Florence and then just so
you know they kind of have this entire
Street this entire Alleyway here there's
one on this side this one is actually
the original where we were uh but then
they have this one on this side this one
on this side uh it's all the same place
uh kind of just depending on which line
just to spread out the lines thank you
really appreciate it thank you very much
amazing thank you thank you so much
thank you so much man thank you man
we're off to an incred rible start but
we have so much more to eat in
[Music]
Florence she
superce Eduardo what's up man good
morning and Eduardo is our local friend
here in Florence are you said you're
from you're from Florence I'm from
Florence we do things all around Italy
and yes I was born here all right and so
for the rest of the day we're going to
be hanging out with Eduardo he's going
to be showing us some of the best food
to eat in Florence we're in very good
hands yes thank you oh my God what's up
man yeah awesome to meet you Mark I
follow you all the time man I see you on
Facebook YouTube like to see your uh
videos keep doing what you're doing man
thank you so much you must be having a
serious detox going
too this entire setting is beautiful I
mean Florence is absolutely a stunning
city with a history Renaissance medieval
streets and architecture Santa Church
dant Florentine the most famous poet
probably in history div Comedia is his
Masterpiece and this is one of the most
important Gothic churches in the world
in English we say Florence but how do
how do local people say it f f f yes yes
that's the real
name
[Music]
what's in front of us Pat del d in front
of us is D the main Cathedral of
Florence one of the most beautiful
churches on Earth and I mean it's
breathtaking breathtaking an
unbelievable sight to see the Cathedral
of Florence so approximately on the dome
which is the world's biggest
self-standing Dome it's an
architectonical uh mystery uh there are
about 4 million
Stones wow digest that 4 million
self-standing Stones wow built without
machines it is unbelievable step into
this Square I mean this is the most
iconic site in all of Florence one of
the most beautiful cathedrals in all of
Italy and the Dome with the golden ball
and golden cross on the top it's
literally breathtaking it's an
unbelievable sight and so unfortunately
we won't be able to go inside because
we're here too early they haven't opened
yet but you can definitely check out
some photos the inside but the outside
is just unbelievably spectacular just
the grandness the size the detail truly
just Immaculate unbelievable sight in
Florence oh man here we are at the next
spot I can smell it in the
air we are at Tri Pini this is from
probably the most beautiful Lotto shop
in Florence and we're going to try
lamoto which is a typical cab basum
sandwich going to try two versions of it
the classic one with just salt and
pepper and then the most popular one
with green sauce for acidity and chili
oil it's called loto because that means
eel and because the tripe looks like an
eel yeah that's where the name came from
okay okay and I mean I'm for sure it's a
food that has very humble Origins but
it's just using every part of the animal
and then being able to just use it to
the best possible
[Laughter]
way Ohi oh with the mushrooms the
mushrooms and the loto oh okay oh
Breakfast of Champions that's a
breakfast of champions he's so friendly
chow chow breakfast
champion
[Laughter]
okay so begins with bread this is the
lumo mixed together okay also it's two
different two different the is just a
little fat this one is the Obama Su the
four stomach okay man it's so hot and
steamy really slices it
up then directly onto the bread salt and
pepper black
pepper oh what is that it's so parsley
garlic pepper onion and this one is
extra virgin oil and chili olive oil and
chili extra virgin and chili it gets the
dip oh the
dip oh the dip move is genius genus the
submersion
okay you're
[Music]
welcome salt goes on the dip what a
move beautiful and this one is classic
okay Florentine style okay two different
versions The Classic Florentine is just
salt and pepper but then the compto
which is the most popular version now
includes the parsley oil with chili oil
so we're going to try two different
versions and I absolutely love how he
empties out some of the bread some of
that fluff of the bread to be able to
load it fully fill it with the the loto
aasum the variety of stomachs let's
start with the traditional version
First
abdomen our Rel oh squeezing
out wow oh that just the L the
obim the tribe it just melts in your
mouth it's so tender that's what I think
stands out to me just it's incredibly
tender going in for another their bite
the classic
that salt and pepper I mean when you I
mean one thing I mean I I do love sauces
but definitely one thing when you don't
have the sauce and you you really taste
the flavor of the actual Obamas some
that stomach the fat in there the just
the salt and
pepper oh and that broth dip he dips it
in the juice that is boiling in it just
absorbs and increases the flavor
enhances the flavor I love how it's so
tender just melts in your mouth you
barely need to chew and then you've got
that crispy bread is incredible okay but
let's try the the
compto I do love sauce okay here we go
for the for the compto I can't wait oh
man the parsley in there the garlic the
olive oil the
chili oh wow yes
okay I do love tradition but I also love
innovation
oh that sauce takes it to the next level
The Parsley the garlic the chili oil
that's where it's at the cetto the same
just delicious tripe the four stomach
that is um and then again just how it's
boiled it's so tender and how they he
just slices it really finely so it just
it really literally just melts in your
mouth sometimes you get stomach that can
be very chewy rubbery in fact this one
just totally melts in your
mouth I mean they're experts with the
stomach they know exactly what they're
doing and with sausage that just takes
it to the next level again that dip the
top half of the bread is uh forked
dipped in the broth to just absorb it
and yet it Still Remains incredibly
crunchy
wow
cool so this was the original
this is how the shop
was oh so how many can we get a photo
how many yes yes how many years has my
your family my family 25 years 25 years
here okay but the activity 120 years wow
on an unassuming Corner in the heart of
Florence that's one of the greatest
sandwiches
ever that's a warming sandwich too I I
feel much better after
[Music]
that got a little dark and rainy outside
but we're stopping in what is one of the
most famous gelato shops in all of
Florence and I think has has has gelato
is it from Northern Italy or is it they
don't know exactly where it is from
Florence by med family in Florence ice
and fruit flavor okay ice and this is
this is something native to Florence
native we're in the birthplace of gelato
yes worldwide famous around the world
around Italy one of the most famous
forms of ice cream gelato and it
originates in Florence and we are at a
very historical place about to try the
grand Crema Cafe VII gelato cream so
Crema so egg gelato with an espresso
shot inside oh no mix just a little
spoon of
each
so that's the
[Music]
gelata W
who oh the espresso goes directly into
that cup
[Music]
oh nice
gra what's the correct method never mix
take a little bit of gelato a little bit
of the
coffee when it's raining outside it's
better we're trying this classic Italian
style standing bar and you got to you
don't want to take too many photos of
this because that ice cream will melt as
Eduardo mentioned take a little bit of
the espresso with some of the gelato
into your spoon but don't mix
it oh
man oh the sweet and the toasty
bitterness of the coffee mixing together
in your mouth and the the gelato starts
to melt so that combines with the flavor
of the coffee wa that's so good oh
man the strength of the
espresso the creaminess of the gelato
wow what a
combination I mean to me it's almost
like a gelato espresso
float and as you keep on eating it the
espresso starts to get Fier and foamier
from the as it starts to mix more with
the gelato it's an amazing combination I
love this place old school Heritage
wonderful
sorry oh man I mean this is one of those
things that's not only delicious but
it's an experience and it's just a a
part of the culture of Florence the
history The
Heritage oh
cheers cheers and then you can start
drinking it
as oh sh oh the drink is so
satisfying man that's
good so the gelato and espresso was
incredible but from here Eduardo is
leading us down an alley to a place to
eat another sandwich and Florence that
you can't miss they do have a little
indoor section but the coolest part
about this place is the Outdoor window
so you can just be walking by on the go
stop at the window order a sandwich and
we're going to have a sandwich we
haven't tried yet well we've had the
fourth stomach now we're going to try
the first stomach which is Tria and
that's also a classic Florentine
sandwich that you absolutely have to try
when you come
here
oh
nice oh the smell of that pepper yeah
chili flakes yes nice
oh she's on
top oh the Poke
oh oh what a
move SP it oh baptized in the
broth that's a way to put it yeah I'd
like it I can sell
it wow this is one okay gra you're
welcome Eduardo this is house Wine House
wine okay but this is what you need with
this kind of food all right in the alley
amazing in the alley in the darkness
nobody sees you you get dirty and you
drink house wine that was kind of scary
Eduardo Cheers Cheers man thank you
standing in an alley in Florence first
ever Tria yeah la fantina Tria
Fiorentina this is another classic again
we've had well the fourth stomach now
the first stomach yeah in a bun here
Florence style Mr
taster Cheers
[Music]
Cheers so the Tre the tripe has been
cooked in tomato sauce so it has that
acidity the sprinkle of cheese the salt
and pepper M I love it and the bread is
really nice too yeah it's like srai in
Iran did you have it in chips head I
think so yes yes that light tomato sauce
but not not too acidic just a nice
[Music]
balance and it's not chewy at all it's
really no really stewed down until it's
tender and
soft oh I love it
cheers love your forance cheers
what a
combination another extraordinary
sandwich in Florence and couldn't be
happier in this environment in this
place in an alley what a city Florence
is man and I love I love that uh bread
again the bread is nice I mean it's just
is just daily average normal bread but
it's so good because it's so crispy on
the outside so fluffy on the
inside oh yeah almost forgot which side
was dipped the first side yeah it's so
crispy that even he did a full dunk into
the broth into the juices uh he did a
full submersion and it's still crispy
but that's why it's so juicy it has
absorbed the the puffy part of the bread
has totally absorbed all that broth from
the from the boiled um
stomach the
pepper the cheese has just kind of melt
melted into the bun into the
broth what I love about this too is it's
really warming it's hearty
delicious I really love the sandwiches
and Florence man the juiciness that just
absorbs into the bread with the
crispiness is is
a a wonderfully warming
sandwich from here we're going to go eat
another gelato this is going to be more
of a modern but one of the greatest
gelato in Florence uh before we have
dinner Mr taster how how was how was
that sandwich I need number seven a
stomach do we have number seven no well
we need it yes oh man number one number
seven number
four we are at lur beter this is a more
modern approach to gelato if you want to
call it that way before at vivoli we saw
the tradition we saw history and now we
see how younger people approach the
genre of gelato that was born again here
in Florence and what do you think is
this your one of your favorite gelato
probably yes definitely yeah we cone
with the Kat please I'm going for the
Kat which is
75% chocolate no cream oh that is one of
their Specialties and then also got the
Florentine
cream that's
you oh man so the the Florentine cream
is on top but I can't wait to get to
that chocolate on the bottom and again
gelato originates in
Florence oh
yeah wow that is the complete flavor of
milk yeah it's fantastic try to dig down
to the katama that is the the dark
chocolate oh there it is look at that
color
wow wow the chocolate is amazing 75%
pure chocolate no cream it is perfect I
mean that's the the true Taste of
chocolate amazingly Rich amazing texture
that's exceptional kind of you can kind
of mix it up so you get chocolate plus
the cream all together in a
[Music]
bite okay so next up on this Florence
food tour we're going to one of the most
legendary local restaurants in the
entire
city we are at chibo this is the most
legendary restaurant in Florence very
important for the whole Italian cuisine
and we will eat a typical Florentine
dinner
awesome thank
you
okay oh it smells good
immediately
nice wow what a restaurant and step in
here you can just feel the history the
Antiques I love the the white tablecloth
us the striped chairs beautiful
restaurant and we're again here to eat
some absolutely Classic Heritage
Florentine food chairs
wow what a wine dude oh okay oh so we
have a beautiful
golden tusin wine are you from um
California Thailand Florence oh that's
amazing man that is perfectly fruity and
sour really nice
look at the look at the color on that
wine it's golden straight up
gold really nice really complex oh man
so all these different little side
dishes and now the kapacho did you say
it's it's beef or or beef okay a beef
caracho a beef F sliced by hand very
very good quantity of
meat thicker than the usual kacha okay
and salt olive oil lemon and black
pepper wow that's
shimmering that is gorgeous stuffed
chicken neck stuffed chicken
neck specialty here stuffed chicken neck
what a dish I love the presentation
that's a big head okay they literally
brought about 20 different dishes to the
table I'm completely
overwhelmed Eduardo what do we do well
um let's start with what we have in the
plate ricotta
flan tuskan chicken liver mousse with
raisins bread wow then codfish okay
whipped oh yeah okay with milk and
that's on a little piece of bread on the
bottom and then you just go wild I make
sure to come here at least once a month
oh I have to do you know how long this
restaurant has been here for 40 years 40
years okay around 40 years oh I'm going
to start with that
liver oh oh the liver is amazing okay
Eduardo is going in to the
kpacho it's melty it's the best oyster
you can have from
tus so
yes thank you
okay all the flavor the combination of
the lemon and the olive oil and salt and
pepper and then the meat just it melt in
your mouth this is by far the grandest
most luxurious anti Pasto I've ever
experienced in my life okay I'm moving
in for the
tri
the texture of
that it's so soft it's jelly they're not
it's not smoked pruto aged in ashes so
it should have a smokiness is what they
explained oh
wow that is
extraordinary shaved so finely so it
just liquefies on your tongue with that
smokiness and that complexity of meaty
porkiness okay this one is VE with tuna
classic finish
that W it's
creamy the lemon the Caper's in
there it's
a combination I wouldn't necessarily
really think of but like the tuna just
makes this
creamy sauce to go over the ve
excellent Mr taster and I yeah are you
ready Mr tter this is one of the prised
dishes of chibo w the head and that's a
big head too look at look at my
chicken he's a little
crosy so this is the the legendary the
famous uh stuffed chicken neck and what
a oh yeah you see these whole slices are
just full of the chicken neck and the
skin is still
rotating around them what a dish yeah
dish and there is a sauce on the inside
maybe dip in the sauce yeah I did all
right all
right you ready
yes all
right wow going neck neck to
neck oh oh man the texture is incredible
like really fluffy and spongy almost
yeah it is it's like a spongy chicken
neck
M I think not heavily seasoned so just
oh look at this so just kind of
um it's the flavor of the chicken with a
little bit of parsley maybe um you ready
to have the head and if you look at the
head we got the head here and on the
bottom it's stuffed with sausage still
deep it
[Music]
oh yeah so good yeah what's amazing to
me is how like light yet condensed it is
it's kind of like condensed chicken all
stuffed within its
neck I love it it is really good really
good yeah classic it tastes absolutely
classic Brunello de monino tus known as
a super tusin they call it the wine of
Kings and the king of
wines the wine of Kings and the king of
wines man what a wine yeah what a wine
what a wine and this is going to get
better in the
glass
cheesecake of potato and Ric cheese with
meat sauce Ru on the side olive oil and
Paran and when you eating that try to
have cheese meat and the SE cheesecake
at the same time please don't separate
them I'm try that one this is the famous
talini
kchup one of the best pastas in the
let's have it together yeah it's a tusin
pasta F it's not a specifically Tuscan
pasta cheese parmesano and the secret
ingredient that you will have to guess
cheers so this is pasta this is a pasta
cake pasta oh there's pasta underneath
now I get it okay pasta cake with parano
parano and truffle
wow and that aromatic white truffles and
it has this crust around it as well it's
so aromatic all right all
[Music]
right the cheese is so good it's
indulgent it's rich man very rich that
is
extraordinary
one and rotta flam a little parmesano
and Ru this is lasagna before lasagna
and with potato yes so originally with
potato okay it's not but who cares free
know so she said to try a little bit of
everything oh it's so fluffy try a
little bit of everything a little bit of
everything on one bite coach into the
parm okay
wow it's like Silk m
how is that
potato perf it's a lasagna I told you
it's the richest creamiest potato I've
ever experienced in my life K cheese and
butter but there is one secret
ingredient that we will guess okay and
we got to figure that
out amazing I love the color of that
swe cheese and
butter came from
[Music]
that is unbelievable cheese butter
pepper yeah
and what's inside you'll never get look
at the color you're the color
termeric carrot cream carrot cream
boiled carrots cream M yeah never would
have guessed carrot
Fon I'll cheese and butter is
unbelievable this pasta is unbelievable
get out of
here I love
this all three dishes
are exceptional it's rabbit cooked with
chocolate and the syrup of the mustard
Crona fruits preserved in a liquid
mustard w wow what a dish so much the
rabbit is on the bone so it's necessary
you use your fingers is it oh
excellent making sure to scoop up as
much of that chocolate as
possible almost has a a chocolate and a
coffee sweet kind of flavor to
it oh that's really succulent like a
sweet glaze the flavor of chocolate
excellent I think what's quite amazing
here is that every single dish has been
totally unique from any other Italian
Dish that I've ever tried before totally
like blowing away any kind of
stereotypes of Italian food here and
Royal sticky like straight up chocolate
sauce okay next one is the
loto and what type of vegetable is in it
it's chimira Chima Chima it's a it's a
sort of broccoli a sort of Swiss chard
it's something in the middle it's very
interesting okay Lotto so kaab basum
nice and potatoes and fenel which is the
fourth stomach right fourth stomach
stomach potatoes fennel this looks
delicious all right the flavor of that
vegetable it does taste like Swiss chard
just perfectly green and flavorful and
perfect chocolate sauce PS
perfectly almost tastes like mustard
greens and pairs perfectly with the
tenderness of the the fourth stomach
imag cheers that's
tasty I'll fight you that is one of the
most beautiful things I've ever seen
I'll fight you a whole head of lettuce
next up for the roast beef this is the
most amazing plate of roast beef I've
ever seen in my life I love the pool of
juice on the bottom
oh it sliced so
thin so let's Let It absorb that beef
juices that tastes like butter tastes
like butter on the inside that is so
rich oh man that is incredible there the
pure Taste of the beef tastes like
straight butter beef beef and I just
love how it's just served cool fresh
intensely beefy that's outstanding and
now we're going to move directly into I
love the presentation at this restaurant
look at this like a whole head of
lettuce on a plate we're in the heart of
Florence and this is lettuce that comes
1 km from 1 km
away this is is real can I help
you
I think it's our first it's our first
vegetable
[Laughter]
together oh man this roast
beef something truly life-changing
normally you get roast beef and 50/50
it's like totally dried out and not that
good this is life-changing roast beef
drenched in butter soaked in butter
transparent perfectly cooked so it's
pink on the
inside
oh wow I'm going to call that the best
roast beef I've ever had in my life it's
a new perspective on roast beef and
these beans I am
loving these
beans that's the best roast beef I've
ever had in my
life this one is made uh in so that
means is there is egg inside egg YK oh
okay okay and uh we have the interior of
the chicken the liver we got the the
Comba okay the Comba
Thea the crust and
then we got the testicles okay yes yes
the yellow one and the her yes and which
one is called yes the yellow one oh
that's big
yes in Italy we got big
one chicken chicken I'm sorry and uh you
should eat any way all right okay so
much all right so we've already
eaten 35 dishes but this might be the
most important of them all the chib this
is what the the entire restaurant is
named after this dish all the organs the
testicles the rooster comb everything
from the rooster in a lemon egg yolk
sauce sprinkle of parsley that it's
aromatic it's it looks incredible mark
this is our first time eating testicles
together well roosters oh it just kind
of Pops it kind of feels like a a little
balloon when you poke your fork into
it here we go get a little sauce yeah I
want to Sauce mine sauce your
bowls
wow what a
texture that is so good that is that is
elegant yeah
almost is the texture of
a what is the texture like melting
cheese in your
mouth kind of like it also reminded me
of like a a big uh Bean like a a giant
Lima Bean or something lima bean exactly
yeah here we
go come on wow that's
ridiculous that sauce is incredible oh
man oh and that bite I did taste the
acid of the lemon juice in there and the
texture again is just so gratifying it's
super attractive it's not like you look
at a rooster comb you think that's going
to be gross like either chewy or soggy
or Tender it almost has the flavor of
bacon to be honest with you flavor and
texture of bacon okay
liver oh that is so
soft look at the inside oh cooked
perfectly is it pink it
is oh
God I
mean it's so
[Music]
creamy that's world
class that is incredible so rich
so such a just
absolutely a beautiful way to prepare
all the organs and all the odd bits of a
rooster not letting anything go to waste
so we've got some beautiful desserts I'm
going to start with the panacotta with
caramel
oh wow the panacotta is so thick one of
the thickest panac cotas I've had some
some panas can be more light and fluffy
this one is is just full richness full
cream butter next up the fruit and nut
um tart did she say yeah honey and dried
fruits honey dried fruits and but ice
cream the fruit nut the
honey it's
incredible famous their desserts are
really topnotch very nice meeting
you thank you very much thank you for
yes
incredible man Florence what an
incredible City immense history
delicious food and what a well-rounded
tour that we've had today I want to say
huge thank you to my friend Eduardo to
Mr
tter to Jeffrey for everyone who helped
who hung out who uh just we had an
incredible time eating our way through
Florence and I'll have all the
information in the description box below
that you can check out remember to give
this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
leave a comment below I'd love to hear
from you and if you're not already
subscribed make sure you subscribe now
because you're not going to want to miss
more Italian food coming your way stay
tuned good night from Florence