all right what's good YouTube It's shin
and today I'm here at the Paris where
I'm going to Gordon Ramsay steak for
dinner tonight now this is my second
last stop on my tour of all of Chef
Ramsay's restaurants here in Las Vegas
and it's all going to be culminating at
the end of this month when Chef Ramsay
opens his sixth restaurant here Ramsay's
Kitchen at the Hera's now I do have an
opening day reservation so I'm really
excited to go but before that let's go
and check out some steak let's get some
dinner
thank you
[Music]
alrighty you guys so we just got seated
here at Gordon Ramsay Steak and wow what
a beautiful restaurant great Ambiance
the lighting is very intimate but still
has a nice upbeat and positive vibe
absolutely beautiful Decor I love the
fact that you're transported from the
Paris here into London and we're looking
forward to a really great dinner tonight
all right you guys let me give you a
quick look at the cocktail menu alrighty
you can see up top here we have the
signature cocktails
antioxidant Drifter a strawberry Martini
that looks really good
very nice
here's some wine by the glass
champagne
Moscato or Prosecco all looking really
good
white wines roses and your Reds down
here
feel free to take a quick pause in the
video to review if you'd like to see the
list
but I think tonight we're going to be
sticking with the signature cocktails I
think that's strawberry Martini is
calling my name
the antioxidant was also sounding pretty
good I think that's what we're going to
be going with
alrighty you guys now we just got some
complimentary bread here this looks
really really good a nice soft pull
apart bread part of it is a sweet onion
loaf the other is more of a weedy bread
along with this really great looking
butter with Hawaiian sea salt on top get
some of the butter on the bread
let's give it a bite
oh that's delicious really nice light
Airy bread here that butter is so smooth
and so fantastic really loving the sea
salt flavor as well this is one of the
best complimentary breads at a steak
restaurant I love it here
all right you guys our cocktails have
arrived and this strawberry Martini is
looking fantastic a nice elevated
crystal glass here you can see the
little Basil Leaf up top here this looks
so good cheers to you guys thanks for
being here in the video with me
foreign
oh that's got a great strawberry
sweetness the Vodka flavor is light this
is a pretty dangerous rig
all right you guys the drinks have been
fantastic the pull apart bread is really
good let me show you the dinner menu up
next alrighty over here you can see the
appetizers we have a shellfish section
that shellfish platter is looking really
good I think I'm leaning toward that
tonight
you got your caviar and soup and salads
over here
if that onion soup is as good as the one
at the pub and grill
that's probably really good
additional appetizers down here you guys
Hamachi Crudo smoked beef tartare the
wagyu sliders I've had before they're
actually quite good
nice
some sauces for steaks as well down here
house-made steak sauce
looks really good
up top you can see here that amazing
Japanese A5 wagyu
45 dollars an ounce I believe it's a
three ounce minimum then you have your
wagyu from America here the American wig
uh wag use
steaks look really really good
Some solid prime beef steaks here
you have Chef Ramsay's signature Beef
Wellington as well as this is jidori
chicken breast
rack of lamb veal chop here
along with some fish options salmon and
Branzino look really good
steak accompaniments here foie gras
lobster tail king crab they also let us
know about some special sides that's not
on the menu like getting your steak
Lobster style oscar style which is
something I really enjoy and then here
we have the sides potato puree mushrooms
Cheeto Peppers this is all looking
really really good
alrighty you guys so our order is in we
did end up going in on that Seafood
Tower that was sounding really really
good for entrees my friend went ahead
and got the wagyu rip cap I went in on
the rib eye oscar style I'm really
looking forward to that and for sides
we've got the potato puree along with
the mushrooms as well as the asparagus
cannot wait for this food to arrive I'll
catch you guys here when that Seafood
Tower gets here
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you
foreign
you guys our Seafood Tower has arrived
this is looking fantastic it's got tiger
prawns king crab oysters clams lobsters
and shellfish man I cannot wait to try
these alrighty you guys the first thing
I'm gonna try is this fresh looking
oyster looks fresh feels fresh ice cold
love it let's try it
oh yeah
absolutely delicious Briny flavor really
fresh that was a solid oyster alrighty
guys next up I'm trying the jumbo prawn
get a little bit of cocktail sauce on
this
and let's give it a bite
oh man oh that is an absolute fantastic
prawn it's a very succulent and sweet
prawn flavor really clean as well
all right you guys next time I'm gonna
try this Alaskan king crab leg now with
king crab legs not being in season for
multiple years it's been hard to find
king crab legs especially in buffets so
being able to get in on some king crab
leg here at Gordon Ramsay Steak tonight
is a real treat absolutely huge chunks
of meat here let's give it a try
absolutely Stellar the sweetness of that
crabby is really coming through great
bite to it love the chew and the flavor
of crab is so intense it's out of this
world
all right you guys next up let's try
some of this poached Lobster feels so
tender on my Fork looks beautiful let's
give it a try
[Music]
that was nice nice cook on the lobster
it's not stringy or chewy nice amount of
Sweetness from that meat pretty solid
Lobster here
all right guys and the last thing to try
from our Seafood Tower is this clam
looks pretty good let's give it a try
a nice Briny flavor they've also
introduced a little bit of minionette in
it so it has a little bit of tart
tanginess it's pretty good alrighty you
guys we're going to continue enjoying
this Seafood Tower we'll see when those
steaks arrive
[Music]
alrighty you guys our entrees have
arrived this is looking fantastic take a
look at my gigantic ribeye served oscar
style with a bearnaise sauce asparagus
and a king crab leg my friends wagyu rib
cap looks so good and alongside that
we've got these amazing looking sides
soy glazed mushrooms a potato puree as
well as lemon zested asparagus all of
this is looking so good alrighty guys
here we go a bite of the rib eye let's
give it a taste foreign
oh you guys that steak is outstanding
absolutely beautiful sear on the outside
the crust has a really great flavor
cooked perfectly medium rare plus the
way I like my steaks tender and juicy on
the center and just such great marbling
in this rib eye really beautiful fat
flavor all right in the next up let's go
ahead and try the steak Oscar Style with
some of this bearnaise sauce as well as
the king crab leg let's go in
[Music]
that is decadent absolutely luxurious
the biernet sauce adds a nice creaminess
really get that beautiful flavor of the
king crab as well and then when rounded
out by the flavor of that steak oh it's
just absolute Heaven you guys all right
I was able to steal a little bit of my
friends while you ribcup let's give this
a try
[Music]
whoa
wow you guys talk about tender and
delicious absolutely melts in your mouth
guys it's so tender really phenomenal B
flavor seasoning on the crust was
perfect this is a fantastic steak
alrighty you guys I'm gonna go in and
try some of these sides starting off
with this lemon zest asparagus looks
pretty good let's give it a try
that's nice great cook on the asparagus
still has a bit of snap to it the lemon
zest adds a nice brightness really
livens up the flavor and then you get a
slight bit of the saltiness from the
cheese this is a pretty solid asparagus
side dish
all right next up let's go and try the
soy glaze mushrooms let's give it a try
those mushrooms are delicious
himself are nice and spongy leading to a
really fun bite soy glaze is nice and
sweet but not overpowering at all you
get the bits of fried garlic adding the
additional flavor overall these are
really tasty glazed mushrooms all right
you guys and the last side to try is the
potato puree fancy way of saying mashed
potatoes let's give it a try
that potato puree is so smooth not a
lump in sight really deep buttery flavor
chives adding just a little bit of bite
that's definitely one of the better
potato purees here in the city alrighty
you guys this is such a fantastic dinner
my friend and I are gonna go ahead and
Chow Down see if we have some room for
dessert at the end I'll see you in a
little bit
[Music]
alrighty guys dinner was so great but we
are going to make sure we have some room
for dessert it is a Gordon Ramsay
restaurant after all let me show you the
dessert menu so here you can see the
dessert menu relatively light but all
great looking options got a creme fresh
cheesecake sticky toffee pudding which
is the signature dessert for a Gordon
Ramsay restaurant now I'm only finding
this out very recently but all of Gordon
Ramsay's restaurants have just a slight
variation on the sticky toffee pudding
and the big difference and the big uh
differentiating Factor here at the
Gordon Ramsay Steak restaurant is the
butter brown ice cream that sounds so
good white chocolate lime bar here as
well as an Earl Gray chocolate decadence
but when it comes down to it can I
really come to a Gordon rest Gordon
restaurant and not get that sticky
toffee pudding I think not so we went
ahead and put in that order for a sticky
toffee pudding I'll see you guys in a
little bit when it arrives
[Music]
alrighty you guys our sticky toffee
pudding has arrived and this is looking
so amazing as you can see they've gone
ahead and topped it off with the toffee
sauce here
you got the nice ground butter what
looks like an actual butter log on the
side
with this Rich date cake oh I cannot
wait have to go in right now feels like
absolute Heavens So Soft on my spoon
let's give it a try
guys that is so good if you come to a
Gordon Ramsay restaurant and don't get a
sticky toffee dessert I feel like you're
committing a cardinal sin absolutely
decadent it's so luxurious that date
cake nice and spongy with a really deep
flavor the toffee sauce has a great
sweetness to it and then you get just a
little bit of nuttiness from this brown
butter ice cream adding an additional
layer of smooth as well it's so good you
guys alrighty you guys that does it for
us here at Gordon Ramsay steak dinner
came out to about 530 bucks well worth
it we really enjoyed our dinner and I
really appreciated you guys being here
along with us now if you guys like the
video please give it a thumbs up and
share it with your friends I would love
for more people to see Chef Ramsay Steak
restaurant and if you like videos like
this make sure that you subscribe to the
channel I've got a lot of great content
coming your way and that's all for this
one have a great day and I hope you
enjoy Vegas with me shin
bye
[Music]