all right what's good YouTube It's shin
and today I'm at the Planet Hollywood
going to Gordon Ramsay's burger for some
dinner now as you know Gordon Ramsay is
one of my favorite celebrity chefs of
all time I'm so happy to go and check
out his burger restaurant I'm really
happy you're along here with me let's go
check it out
[Music]
all right you guys we just got seated
here at Gordon Ramsay Burger this is a
very Lively and popular restaurant it is
packed we have to wait in line to get
here but we're happy to be seated now if
you guys haven't heard Chef Ramsay is
opening his sixth restaurant here in Las
Vegas at the Harris called Ramsay's
Kitchen at the end of next month I'm
gonna be there but before I go I want to
make sure that I review all of Gordon's
restaurants here in Las Vegas and here
we are at Gordon Ramsay Burger checking
it out all right you guys let's take a
quick look at the menu all right
starting off with the cocktails here you
guys lots of cool looking options
I'm a pretty big fan of sangria I think
I'm going to go ahead and go in on that
your beer and wine list down here for
you
feel free to give that a pause if you
want to take a look
s pretty good
all right you guys my sangria has
arrived this is looking really great I
love the deep purple color let's give it
a try
cheers to you guys
nice and refreshing and let's look at
what food they have available next
here in the snacks section brunch tots
Wings hummus corn dip and rings
that all looks pretty good
got some salads down here Caesar and
chicken salad nice
specialty Burgers up here you guys 24
Hour Burger
and a truffle burger that sounds pretty
good
they have dogs and fish hot dogs and a
fish burger over here
along with some crumpled parmesan fries
fries sweet potato fries and tots looks
pretty good
and then down here we have the burgers
Backyard Burger looks like the standard
Hell's Kitchen Burger is uh one they're
known for with a little bit of spice
all these look pretty good
and then you have your sweets here
English toffee Shake
all these beautiful shakes here
sticky toffee pudding ice cream sandwich
that's a thing I might have to get that
and then you got beverages down here it
looks like it's Pepsi products
very nice alrighty you guys our
appetizers have arrived and this is
looking so good take a look at these
brunch tots this gravy looks fantastic
egg yolk is nice and runny well cooked
we also have this beautiful elotech corn
dip with nice spices you could smell
some of that heat
with these beautiful looking corn chips
I can't wait to dig in let's give these
all a try alrighty you guys the first
bite I want to try is of these brunch
pots I mean potatoes gravy and eggs this
all sounds good to me let's give it a
try
oh man those brunch spots are really
good the tots are really well seasoned
and the fry on them is so great but this
gravy is the sauce you guys you really
get that pan beef dripping gravy flavor
it's so rich bacon adds a nice bit of
additional saltiness it's Lush it's
really good all right guys next up I'm
gonna go ahead and try this corn dip now
it's definitely got some spice with some
jalapeno and Fresno peppers in there
let's give it a taste
oh that's really nice the heat is
actually not as bad as I thought it was
going to be with those Fresnos and those
jalapenos really the first flavor you
get is kind of this Tangy cheese a mix
of that lime with the Cotija really
gives you in a little bit of that
sourness but then it makes way for this
Ultra creamy smooth cheese flavor and
along with the saltiness of these black
corn tortilla chips
actually makes for a really Tasty Bite
all right guys our Burger orders are in
I went ahead and got that 24 Hour Burger
my friend went ahead and got the fish
burger all sounding really good we're
gonna continue munching on these
appetizers and you will see you when the
food arrives
foreign
[Music]
you guys our entrees have arrived and
these look really really good check out
my 24 Hour Burger beautiful looking bun
I'm liking the arugula got some pickled
shallots on the end here as well was not
expecting my friends fish burger to be
this massive more like a fish submarine
sandwich but it is all looking and
smelling delicious time to give this
burger a bite
that's really tasty yeah the burger is
cooked a nice medium the short rib adds
a great richness barbecue sauce and the
brown sugar bacon is adding such a
delicious additional sweetness here
arugula adds just a little bit of bitter
bite this is actually a really delicious
Burger you guys
all right you guys my friend was
gracious enough to give me a little bit
of her fish burger this is looking
really good the fun feels so buttery in
my hands let's give it a try
oh man you guys that was a really tasty
fish sandwich the fish flavor is really
nice you get a lot of nice salinity from
it the slaw has just the perfect amount
of vinegar to help cut through a lot of
that richness of the fish the bread is
so deliciously buttered and battered you
guys initially we were expecting
something like a fried fish it's more
like a pan sear and The Taste is really
outstanding all right you guys really
great dinner so far we're gonna go ahead
and continue munching and we're going to
take a look at dessert options after
seeing a little bit foreign
[Music]
guys our desserts have arrived this is
looking so decadent I've got a sticky
toffee pudding Ice Cream Sandwich here
that looks absolutely phenomenal and on
top of that we decided to share an Oreo
creme brulee shake this sounds so
decadent so Heavenly let's give it a try
all right you guys we're gonna go ahead
and try the Ice Cream Sandwich first
sticky toffee pudding is Gordon Ramsay's
signature dessert to put it into an ice
cream sandwich form just sounds genius
so let's give it a try
oh wow
you guys it is so good the sticky toffee
pudding cake is nice and spongy really
decadent super sweet then you get that
nice creaminess of that vanilla ice
cream Ultra decadent well worth it
really nice after such a rich Burger
today
now let's try some of this Oreo creme
brulee Shake I mean I love Oreos I love
creme brulee and if you put the two
together it has to be amazing right
let's give it a try
oh
it's nice I love that cookies and cream
flavor along with the creaminess of the
vanilla but then you get that little
slight eggy Custard flavor of a creme
brulee this is actually pretty good all
right you guys and that does it for us
here at Gordon Ramsay Burger I hope you
enjoyed this video and I really
appreciated you steak along with me if
you liked it please give it a thumbs up
and share it with your friends I would
love for more people to see it and if
you enjoy content like this from here in
Las Vegas make sure you subscribe to the
channel I've got a lot of great content
coming your way and that's all for this
one have a great day and I hope you
enjoyed Vegas with me shin
bye
[Music]