what's good YouTube It's shin and today
I'm coming to you from the link
Promenade where I'm headed to Gordon
Ramsay's fish and chips for a quick
lunch now this is it the final stop in
my tour of all of Chef Ramsay's
restaurants here in Las Vegas and it
couldn't have come at a better time
because it's now going to be culminating
at the end of next week when Chef Ramsay
opens his sixth restaurant here in Las
Vegas at the Harrah's titled Ramsay's
Kitchen now I do have an opening day
reservation I cannot wait to share that
video guys with you next week but we
can't focus too much on the future when
we have the present I'm gonna go and get
some fish and chips so happy to have you
along with me let's go check it out
[Music]
all right you guys we just got seated
here at Gordon Ramsay's fish and chips a
nice little Eatery here on the little
Promenade Gordon Rams is the only real
quick stop restaurant here in Las Vegas
really cool UK style decor here and
providing nice over-the-counter service
here make your order now we are here at
Gordon Ramsay's fish and chips so I went
ahead and got some fish and chips as
well as a sticky toffee shake and this
is all sounding really really good I'll
see you when that food arrives
foreign
[Music]
guys so my order just came out and this
is looking smelling so good I went ahead
and got the fish and chips combo three
huge pieces of fish here along with some
chips underneath now I went ahead and
opted for the tartar sauce as well as
the curry mango sauce but it sounded
really good I could not wait to dive in
and of course I've got that sticky
toffee pudding shake that is looking so
luscious let's go ahead and try all this
food all right of course the first thing
to try is gonna be the fish feels so
crispy and hot in my hands
let's give it a try
oh
man that crunch is immaculate so crispy
that exterior
but now that you know what let me
actually give it one more bite here
okay the batter is so crispy and crunchy
it really paves the way for a lot of
Great Expectations unfortunately as you
kind of get past that initial texture
you kind of realize that the big flavor
is actually very mild
now the fish itself is moist and Flaky
but I really would prefer a more robust
flavor from the fish now while the
batter is super crispy it's also very
lightly seasoned thank you
I dare say it's almost Bland but then I
feel like I'm insulting the god King
Chef Ramsay now it is possible that the
flavor is by Design to help carry the
flavors of the sauces let's go ahead and
try those next first up is going to be
that classic tartar sauce nice and thick
looking you can see the bits of Dill in
there let's go ahead and try it with the
tartar sauce
oh that tartar sauce is delicious though
that tartar sauce is super well balanced
between the acidity of the bit of lemon
the little bit of Dill from the pickle
in there as well oh it's actually really
good that
alrighty next up let's go in and try
that Curry mango sauce I'm loving the
Deep yellow color of this
let's give it a try
oh
man you guys that is the sauce
absolutely delicious you definitely get
a little bit of sweetness from that
mango but the curry flavor is really
pronounced nice and deep definitely a
very well balanced sauce either no
element was actually overpowering
anything else a nice smooth mixture of
Curry and mango this sauce is really
great all right fish down let's go ahead
and try the chips
a nice light golden color on these let's
try them straight up
you know that's pretty nice definitely
nice and fluffy on the inside now these
are nice I would prefer just a little
crispier of an exterior well seasoned
though great salt levels here a pretty
good chip overall
let's go and try the fries as a vessel
for this sauce Curry mango up first
it tastes just as good on the fries as
they do on the fish alrighty guys and
the last thing to try is going to be the
sticky toffee shake this looks
absolutely decadent loving all of these
coffee swirls inside let's give it a try
you know
oh man that's so good really captures
the essence of sticky talking you get
that nice cream pudding flavor Ultra
creamy and sweet and really cuts through
a lot of the heaviness of this meal this
is really nice all right you guys that
does it for me here at Gordon Ramsay's
fish and chips now if I had to be honest
with you the fish on their own are a
little lackluster I would love a little
more robust fish flavor as well as a
little bit additional seasoning in the
batter that said the sauces are
absolutely spectacular the fries are
pretty good as well but that's the
kitaki pudding is Heavenly now before I
provided a tip the bill did come out to
roughly 29 30 bucks so it's not exactly
a cheat meal either all right guys and
that does it for us here at Gordon
Ramsay's fish and chips now if you
enjoyed the video please give it a
thumbs up and share it with your friends
I would love for more people to see it
and if you like content like this make
sure you subscribe to the channel I've
got so many great videos coming your way
including the grand opening of Ramsey's
Kitchen coming next week and that's all
for this one have a great day I hope you
enjoyed Vegas with me bye
foreign