I was just like are you kidding me this
was like probably the most disappointing
course you can't afford to be making
those types of little mistakes the meal
ended up costing
447 USD per person
okay one more time I debated for a long
time on how I would share my opinion on
Noma finally I just decided I should
just be honest about how I felt about it
all that's what we're doing today
rewinding back to April 10th 2022 Friday
at 9 00 a.m me Andrew and Natalie all
got on our computers at the same time
and as soon as it hit 9am we all
frantically tried to get a booking at
NoMa if you aren't familiar with Noma it
is one of the most well-known and highly
rated restaurants in the world and we
were able to snag a spot for a Tuesday
September 6th at 5 PM big deal big big
deal it was five months of anticipation
my expectations were Sky High because
they were named the best restaurant in
the world last year 2021. they also have
three Michelin stars the meal ended up
costing
447 dollars USD you per person they
offer three different types of menus
they've got Seafood from January to June
they've got vegetable season during the
summer and game and Forest in the winter
finally the day rolled around and we're
super excited for this meal had been
looking forward to this for months we
were greeted at the entrance by two
employees who will be checking Us in and
then they let us into this beautiful
Greenhouse indoor garden and they served
us this cold pressed tea and also had
this beer that they had brewed on site
most everyone was dressed like very very
nice and meanwhile I was there in like
baggy jeans that had like a huge rip in
the knee and I was just wearing like
dirty sneakers they let us out to this
like concrete pathway and beautiful Lush
Garden Fields of these grains and grass
and flowers hi cap where are we going
foreign
and intense things that kind of set the
tone of the meal was just that when we
opened the door they had brought out all
of the chefs from the kitchen to stand
and like say hello and wave so it was
Natalie and I opening the door and we
were just like oh my gosh hi and
everyone was like hello and welcome
there was like 30 people standing there
it was a lot we were not expecting it we
didn't think we each wanted to do like a
full wine pairing but still wanted to
drink some wine so our server ended up
selling us on this like wine and Juice
combo the ingredients for the juices
they were all grown in house and
carefully thought together to pair with
each course so we were like okay you
know we're down to try it so she brought
over a red wine to start
the first course came out I actually
think this was one of my favorite
courses in the entire meal they called
it summer salad it was super fresh a
little bit sweet a little bit Savory the
flavors were super delicate and light
beautiful presentation so that was great
often a very strong start the second
course was this intricate cauliflower
waffle also very delicate and thin so
beautifully presented honestly I had no
complaints about that course that one
was like overall delicious and really
nice the third course thank you hello
hello
and now we move on to our serving of a
padron pepper that comes straight off
our barbecue inside we fill it with
Savory sunflower seeds and baby
cucumbers which we toss in a little bit
more into oil and over to the left side
you have a small piece of salted blue
bar so you pick it up and squeeze the
juice right onto the Drone just like a
lemon please don't fibers
one thing that I really liked about this
course was that it was just very
interactive that was great no complaints
about that one the fourth course was
probably one of the most meh looking
ones that was Natalie's favorite and it
tasted really good to me cucumber skin
Doma and I could have sworn the server
said that there was barley inside
a little bit he said it's fermented too
the fifth horse
it was some sort of like garlic comfy
and onion jelly but then what ended up
souring that course was that at the end
of summer in Copenhagen in general like
I'm not holding Noma to this particular
fact but it just got in the way of the
Ambiance of the course but anyway there
are all these fruit flies that were kind
of buzzing around the restaurant so
there was a fruit fly that initially got
stuck in my wine glass and then I was
trying to like you know get it out but
then it ended up dropping into the onion
jelly
okay bro
like I still had some onion jelly from
the other side and I had the garlic
coffee it tasted nice I don't know if
that I was like really in love with the
taste but it was like interesting
creative one of the things that I then
started trying to be intentional on was
talking with the servers a little bit
more and asking questions or like having
more of a conversation on any
information about the meal right now
we could take your time
I think someone overheard us talking
about wow these wine glasses are really
beautiful or wildly baskets that these
things are served in are like so
delicate so they started telling us a
little bit more about oh we got these
basket Source from this local Danish
basket Weaver my thought at this point
was these dishes overall are so far like
very tasty beautifully presented but it
was lacking a little bit of the
creativity that in my limited fine
dining experiences a little bit more
extravagant I was trying to understand I
think like part of the Allure and re
reason for all of the praise for
something like Noma is one they grow I
would assume all or like most of their
cooking ingredients in-house a lot of
creative preparations of food not
necessarily as much emphasis on like how
exactly that's presented though honestly
most of them were very stunning part of
it is also the sourcing the Partnerships
that they have
it
after this the sixth course it was a
beet and radish pie it was beautiful
yes it wasn't that memorable I can't
really recall the flavors or other
ingredients that one was a little bit
more of an afterthought to be honest
this was also when I think we realized
oh shoot this might be an all vegetarian
menu is
and we asked one of the servers and
they're like no we actually do like a
full vegetarian venue in the Summers I
was like oh great okay
I am not holding Noma to that it is a
thing that they do and I just didn't
read the description clearly enough when
I was booking this I'm gonna be honest
it definitely biased my opinion a little
bit because I was just looking forward
to like meet in general but even with
that taken into consideration taste is
still what's most important the next
course they brought it out and I think
they asked us like what do you think
this is and I was like
they said this is scoby stick with
smoked pumpkin puree I think Natalie was
a little bit Bolder I was actually
really happy about it because I was like
that's very creative this is usually the
thing that like helps create the
kombucha that that's what scoby is it's
something that you put at the top of a
jar when you're fermenting kombucha the
presentation in this one was absolutely
stunning I could really taste the smoked
pumpkin one of the servers made a joke
on like we're bringing you out this very
rustic and Hearty steak knife to cut
this super delicate transparent thing
the scoby was kind of the texture of
chewy Slippery Noodle but it was like a
sour noodle a little bit sweet too I
thought this one was pretty creative the
next course they called it Marigold
tempura it was like a flower that was
deep fried and served with this
delicious sauce made with egg yolks I
even made a comment to the server I was
like the sauce is delicious so they
brought it back to my table after they
had already picked it up and I made that
comment they were like oh you can like
finish it
something yeah
it's very like light
it's not like soggy with oil I actually
really like that of course the ninth
course is when I was just like are you
kidding me so when they were presenting
it they said this is a chicken egg with
beet juice and I was just like so like
an egg right because that's what I eat
all day this is something that I could
make myself at home and granted you know
they probably raised the chickens on
side to grow their own beads this is a
fresh egg cooked with beets and lamb son
this was like probably the most
disappointing course it tasted fine at
the end of the day it's just like a
chicken cooked in beet juice served over
greens with like a little bit of salt
whole thing was just about how my
expectations were Sky High and then it
just didn't really need my expectations
tenth course they call this potato
wrapped in Sea lettuce I think it was
like a seaweed inside was like a little
bit of potato this one was tasty but to
be totally Frank the potato was not
fully cooked and it was a little bit too
salty
it's a little things but this type of
stuff you can't afford to be making
those types of little mistakes
it's a video
the 11th horse was beautiful and also
tastes delicious it was a grilled young
artichoke really stunning presentation
delicious mouthful I don't even really
think I've eaten artichoke unless it was
in a dip much in my life the 12 course
actually really loved they served lion's
mane mushrooms like a steak it was
roasted with Wild Roses apparently and
then served with these sauces and then
there was a small side salad I was
worried throughout the meal I was like
are we gonna leave hungry but ended up
being fine
[Music]
come on
the 13th course was also a huge
disappointment to me it was a chocolate
herb salad which I've described this
course to a couple people since I've
been back basically to me the plate
looks like one of those China plates
that you get from Costco but then the
taste was just so mediocre at the end of
the day it was melted chocolate served
with fresh fruit dried fruit some like
flower petals and then like some more
greens something about I don't know we
like the temperature and consistency of
the chocolate just didn't dry well with
me the dried fruit was really
overpowering at the end of the day just
didn't even taste that good and I was
like this is something that I feel like
a fourth grader would maybe throw
together if left unattended in a kitchen
by themselves
they're like oh and that's a lot of
chocolate
that one was just honestly disappointing
the last two courses who are at the 14th
course it was a dessert of oatmeal and
honey and the best way I could describe
what it was was kind of like a Mochi ice
cream or like an ice cream dumpling it
was solid it was nice the outer layer
whatever it was ended up being a little
bit too chewy I would have liked it to
be thinner and then the 15 course
actually ended pretty well Super
Creative so they brought out this little
box and then when you open the box it's
like this it's a handmade honeycomb and
they called it marinated they basically
just pipetted all these little liquids
in there so I think there was like
Sesame white chocolate and then they
brought out this like little pot with
this box and then the server said pick
up this put the whole thing in your
mouth
chew and absorb the liquids for a couple
seconds but don't eat the beeswax and
then when you're done you can spit the
beeswax into this like little Trash Bowl
I thought that was really creative The
Taste was like good I suppose but I
would have liked a little bit more
freshness in the bite like my teeth just
feel like they're covered in Sugar I'll
talk a little bit on the drink so we had
mostly white wines I think one or two
Reds it was four wine pairings and then
four juice pairings and then the juices
that we had one was cucumber and tajets
another one was elderflower and black
currant that one was like a little bit
sour there's one called Saya mommy Dory
kocha I have no clue what that is and
then the last one was raspberry
chamomile I have no complaints about the
juices they all like tasted fine
definitely not worth the money in my
opinion I'm not that memorable and I
think ultimately the sugar and the
juices ended up maybe filling us up a
little bit more the juice and wine
pairing ended up being about 200 USD per
person again did not think it was worth
it at all one of the things I couldn't
figure out even though you've paid so
much for the meal it's valid to ask like
how much is that right and so I was just
wondering I was like you know how much
is this and for some reason like our
server was a little bit put off by that
if I were to go back which not that
that's urgent in any way I probably
wouldn't go for that wine and Juice
pairing either go for the full wine
pairing split a bottle of wine or get
like a glass of wine or something so at
the end they took us on a tour of the
kitchens and like some of the grounds
gave us a little bit of background on
the restaurant and handed us a copy of
the menu that was pretty cool both of us
were feeling a little bit underwhelmed
at that point so we were like oh cool
okay
but you know still cool because like you
don't always get to do that with every
restaurant
[Music]
to recap the biggest biggest thing about
this whole experience the reason why
overall I'd say it was a bit
underwhelming is simply because the
taste wasn't 100 there and again high
standards you would expect every course
to be 100 and of course my opinion on
the taste is highly arbitrary I'm sure
there are people out there that loved
every course and thought it was all
mind-blowing and overall they do a great
job 13 out of the 15 courses were really
delicious like very good two of them
were just like underwhelming some of
those 13 were amazing some were pretty
good but then two were just straight up
disappointments in my opinion the
service could be terrible the price
could be outrageous but if it tasted
good enough you could reach a point
where it justifies everything else
overall let down a little bit I'd be
curious would you spend 400 plus dollars
on a tasting menu like this three
Michelin stars means and it's worth
traveling to this destination solely for
this meal if you've been to Noma I would
love to hear more about your experience
down below so leave me a comment and
tell me more thanks for being here see
you in the next one
bye