hi and welcome back to my channel i'm
super excited because tonight we're
going out for dinner in london and this
is gonna be a whole new experience for
me as you all know i'm gluten and
dairy-free and when you go out i
genuinely find that there's just like
one thing on the menu that you can have
tonight's gonna be very different we're
going to niche and if you've heard of it
but everything is gluten free on the
menu all the allergens are shown and
most of the things on the menu are also
dairy free so win-win there are starters
and mains that i cannot wait to try so
i'm going to bring you along show you
what the restaurant's like and show you
what i get to eat
it's now just gone five and i've quickly
blow dried my hair i'm gonna tongue this
now gotta be ready for around six so
yeah now to um get the hair done get
some makeup on and get ready and i i'm
really excited for tonight i think this
is gonna be good and the fact that i can
choose different things off the menu is
going to be fantastic
we had the most amazing time at niche
it's a really great idea to open a fully
gluten-free restaurant we really enjoyed
it when we turned up it was a little bit
different to what i was expecting
it was smaller more intimate i had a bit
of a sort of cafe style feel to it um
but the the menu is amazing i had so
much to choose from and it also shows
you on there if things are dairy-free as
well which was really helpful for me
[Music]
i'm not surprised that it's an
award-winning restaurant it was really
delicious food service was great as well
and the atmosphere was really really
nice nice chilled sort of laid-back feel
to the restaurant so i'm gonna now show
you what we had so for my starter i had
the pate the pate was a belotti bean
pate and that had truffle oil it had
smoked garlic in it and herbs and that
came with some sourdough bread
others that were dining with me had the
smoked duck salad which looked really
delicious the dark looked like it was
cooked perfectly this is what the duck
looked like
you can't touch
and it
check out this niche fried chicken the
nfc basket this looked like the ultimate
fried chicken this did contain dairy so
that's why i didn't go for it
yeah nfc
my main was the glamorgan potato cake it
was really hard to choose what to have
but this was so good crispy on the
outside and inside was vegan cream
cheese so there was no dairy involved in
this it also contained leeks and also
spring onions on the side was a fresh
chili and red pepper stew heritage
tomato chilli jam and to top it off look
at these beer battered onion rings
my husband had the smoky burger which
came with a sun-dried tomato and onion
relish it looked really good skinny skin
on fries which are always a winner he
also ordered some beer battered onion
rings as well
our table also ordered the herb crusted
cod and this came with mediterranean
vegetables pan fried kale and a tomato
and red pepper sauce with a pea puree on
the side he said it was amazing
[Music]
after such a fantastic meal our two
girls were completely stuffed couldn't
eat another thing so dessert was not an
option for me but i did have a look and
see what the others were ordering and
i'm gonna put some clips in now of what
my husband and his friend had so my
husband had the chocolate brownie which
came with an orange ganache and then
vanilla bean ice cream on the side
our friend had the salted caramel
pudding which was made with dates and
salted caramel with a touch of spice and
vanilla and this came with a caramel
sauce how delicious does this look
is
[Music]
so overall a fantastic evening would
definitely go back to niche i highly
recommend it especially if you have any
intolerances i didn't feel poorly
afterwards i felt really good i really
enjoyed my dinner as well and
considering i didn't choose meat as my
main course as well
i was totally satisfied and it was
absolutely stunning