today we are going to be eating at the
best restaurants in New York City
I have eaten at thousands of restaurants
here in New York throughout my life and
today I'm going to be taking you with me
as we eat at my top five personal
favorites
[Music]
and first up on today's itinerary we are
going to be getting a classic New York
City Bagel and this Bagel Spot I did
only find this year but quickly became
my go-to bagel spots every weekend also
it is like 15 degrees out right now
I cannot wait for a Hot Bagel
how you doing back there Noelle
[Music]
now my go-to meal here at black seed is
getting the pastrami egg and cheese this
thing is just a beautiful bagel and
actually the reason why we found this
place is because Noel is gluten free and
they have gluten-free Bagels how are the
gluten-free babies my favorite in the
city so good
and what also is great I feel like this
place is a bit of a Hidden Gem where a
lot of the other bagel places on the
weekends will have lines that can last
an hour but we come here around 10 a.m
on a Saturday and you can get right in
and get your delicious New York Bagel
certified flavor bomb
so the reason I wanted to film this
video today is because later this week I
am going to be leaving New York for
about three months heading out to Asia
to film a bunch of videos out there and
also to escape a bit of this winter so
before I left I did want to go to all of
my favorite spots here in New York and
to make this video to show you guys as
well as to meet up with some of my
closest friends before I do leave so
right now we're about to head downtown
to one of my favorite cafes and meet up
with Gabe
enjoy this cold ride
now for this next place we are going to
a Maman Cafe my moms have location all
throughout the city but this one here in
SoHo is my favorite also we are here
with Gabe Davey's back on the Vlog baby
too long since you've been back on the
channel I know Gabe was my roommate for
like three years who traveled around the
world and I feel like you haven't been
on the channel in months so happy to be
back yeah we get to eat today yeah dude
we're getting some you've had my mom
right of course I've had Mama yeah come
on
it's like such a good fresh like French
cafe yeah so my mom's actually inspired
by the south of France my mom actually
means mother in French something I
learned something new today exactly so
this location here is one of the most
aesthetically pleasing decors that I've
seen out of any Cafe here so definitely
recommend this one
so what I love about this placement is
not only do they have delicious coffee
but they also have delicious croissants
and all their other brunch meals but
they're croissants probably in my top
three favorites in New York since
they're flaky on the outside but on the
inside it's just so soft and chewy
moisture they got a moist inside it's
moist what do you think of their
croissants because there's a few
locations around New York like it's my
go-to croissant if I'm like oh like I
really want a croissant right now like I
know that there's one probably within
like 10 minute walk from like where I
typically am in Manhattan if you guys
are looking for a cool cafe to hang out
to work or just meet up with some
friends highly recommend going to Maman
again the coffee is great the croissants
and all of the meals I know Gabe I put
you onto that Popeye's breakfast bowl
yeah how good is that thing I I have to
be truthful Brett raw minimum on like
two weeks ago and we had that bowl he
was like you got to get the bowl and I
was like fine I'll get the bowl
life-changing that's what I'm gonna get
every time I walk in there now I'm so
full that was like the perfect breakfast
and my mom does have locations all
throughout the city so definitely
recommend checking them out also Gabe I
will see you when I'm back from Asia oh
my brother how long do I have to wait
like three months three months uh-huh
I'll see you soon brother so we just
made it back home and wanted to share
with you guys quickly about today's
sponsor
cook Unity for those of you who live in
New York listen up now as a lot of you
may know I'm not the best cook but cook
Unity is the answer to my problems last
night I had their cheesy keto chicken
parm bowl for dinner which was made by
Andres Mendes and was phenomenal one of
my other favorite meals from cook Unity
is their sweet chili chicken made by
Irvin Paredes then today I'm going to be
making their spaghetti squash with
grass-fed beef meatballs which was also
made by Andreas Mendez as well cook
unity's 50 plus chefs come from some of
the best restaurants in the country and
bring their signature dishes to your
table every week and there are other
meal subscriptions but no one does it
like cook Unity they're the first ever
Chef to you delivery service bringing
restaurant quality meals right to your
table
mm-hmm cook Unity was kind enough to
hook all my subscribers up with 50 off
their first order so if you go to cook
unity.comte or go to the link down below
and use Brett conte50 at checkout you'll
be able to try out these delicious meals
for yourself
so now for this next place we are here
in Chinatown going to one of my favorite
restaurants in the city that I would say
is a bit of a Hidden Gem and I'm also
here
with Alex
what's up Alex have you been to this
restaurant never been to Bodhi Boda all
right your world and taste buds are
about to get rocked let's see
[Music]
all right Alex give it a try okay make
sure you get the chicken
extremely flavorful I might be blowing
your mind right now did you know that
this is not actual chicken
this is a vegan restaurant for real yeah
so this jello's chicken is not actually
chicken you be serious yeah okay I had
to take my girlfriend is she vegan yeah
yeah yeah I eat vegan all the time
that's that's this is amazing then it
was already great and then you put that
factor into it I'm like oh God that's
the thing the first time I came here I
didn't know as well that this was vegan
and it was fake meat but after trying it
I couldn't tell the difference and it's
so good that once you are done eating it
you don't feel as sluggish as if when
you do have a normal generals Chow so
that's exactly why I love coming here
I'm glad that I fooled you yeah I didn't
know if you knew about it no I did not
know but this is great because like I
love eating not eating meat because like
you said it makes me feel better when
I'm done eating it and this tastes
really good we fooled you really good
all right Alex overall experience at
Bodhi what do you think it was great I
mean you had me spilling tea burning my
fingers but it was well worth it it was
really good and I didn't even catch that
it's a vegetarian restaurant I just it
went right past me also Alex is a
YouTuber here in the city go show her
some love her videos are amazing I feel
like she's really a part of this new
generation of YouTubers here in New York
city so uh go click the link down below
show Alex some love
today when we were eating and I found
myself sitting directly across from
Brett it was a very strange phenomenon
because I was just watching his videos a
few weeks ago and now fast forward to
where we are now I'm in the middle of
the city creating around such
like-minded creative people and it's
it's really awesome honestly thanks Alex
nah for real go show her some love
amazing work she won't disappoint now
even though it may be absolutely
freezing in New York right now you know
we gotta get some gelato so we came here
to Grand Mercy at this place called Cafe
Pana that isn't too far away from my
apartment and is somewhere that I love
coming to and typically there is a huge
line around the block but we came at a
good time and on a freezing day where
looks not too bad and also we have a
very special guest for you long time
viewers
hey hey guys how are you a long time no
see it's been a while you know it's been
a while I made this your Vlog you know
being your Vlog it's I missed it I know
even I used to make these videos
together for about a year and a half
exactly and now he's off doing his own
video work so dude so good having you
back I feel like people always asking
about you heck yeah
or not to love Abe there is no
there's no better way to spend your
winter eating ice cream
always be down to get ice cream no
matter the temperature no matter the
temperature okay let's begin to it let's
go thank you so much
spoons right there both yeah let's do
that thank you so when you come here to
Cafe Panna you gotta get an avogado and
for those of you don't know it is gelato
with an espresso shot in it so I got the
cookies and Pana which is their infused
Oreo gelato ice cream as well as with
some Nespresso and Bram you got some
type of Masterpiece over here I get
something special it's called a red flag
it's like sweet ice cream with Crunch
and like strawberry like uh I guess Jam
or something I hope this is good this is
my first time trying here but like oh
you've never been a cafe person I've
never been there give it a try okay cool
oh my God this is so good wow
10 out of that secret is get a little
whipped cream a little ice cream a
little espresso
um
phenomenal honestly was so good I could
run that back Abe so good seeing you so
good to see you
when I'm in your country of Indonesia
I'll be asking you for all the
recommendations of course just call me
first by me I will see you when I'm back
if I to choose my last meal of my life I
would have to choose a chicken parm so
tonight we are going to be going to one
of my favorite Italian restaurants here
in the city where they do surf what I
think is the best chicken parm in New
York City also the spot just has an
awesome Decor great Vibe it's in a cool
location in the East Village and just
never disappoints we are running a
little bit late so let's head out to
Frank
I feel like this is like business class
so which leg room
now something you need to know if you
are coming here to Frank for their
chicken parm is you need to know that it
is not on the menu
kind of like a little secret menu but if
you ask for a chicken parm trust me it
will not disappoint Noel is this your
first time at Frank yeah I've been two
little Frankies for nothing right I
should mention that how a bunch of other
Italian restaurants here
trying to Vlog here Frank owns a bunch
of other Italian restaurants here in the
city including a place called little
Frankie's supper and a few others and
that it disappoints no so good Frank
don't let us down now
so the chicken and the cheese are
delicious but what Frank is known for is
the sauce the red sauce here on anything
just tastes absolutely phenomenal so
they get the chicken harm or like Noel
who got the spaghetti what'd you get
spaghetti with red sauce and it's like a
huge dollop of Ramana how is it
10 out of 10. I feel like I'm back in
Italy so guys Frank did not disappoint
it was so good and what I think I love
so much about coming to this place
besides just from delicious food is the
atmosphere and the feng shui since Frank
does just have that classic Italian raw
vibe to it where it is a very small
space but it really does feel like a
family-oriented restaurant Noel
thoughts on your first time at Frank so
good cozy pose intimate the perfect like
winter meal I loved it
it really was tight
it was to us but it just adds to the
experience so there's my top five
personal favorite food spots in New York
City whether you are visiting or live
here I totally recommend checking them
out until next time let's go and get
busy in the next one
[Music]