right everyone we think we have found
the most instagrammable sexy looking
piece of food I've ever seen now I'm not
going to tell you what it is just
yet we walking around the block trying
to find it to start with freezing to
death this looks good I'm super excited
I'm hyped for this come with us and
you're going to see a big bone oh so
this is Edinburgh Street Food where said
location lives I can't believe if this
is what I think it is I can't believe
what I've seen here it
is trust it to be outside I know Jesus
Christ all these nice shops in the warm
L look at them all in fact the only one
outside is one we're going to Fantastic
ladies and gents I present to
you Mr
Bony
24-hour bone in rib
sandwiches just the sound of just saying
that I'm salivating get in my face yeah
where's the heat lamps bro I know can we
get one of these on hello wow look at
this how you I'm good how are you is
it's warm here
okay okay so you you've literally got
one product yeah the sauce and the and
the and the sprinkle on the top what's
the sprinkle they they look like that
nicely stick the you on the top we we
give it on the side yeah are you okay in
there you warm I'm okay you're okay
warmer than us probably more or less you
know what if you were sending hugs right
now I think I'd buy one of them at all I
am freezing so we got you got peppercorn
sauce with pepper corn sauce highly
recommended 24hour cooked yeah yeah and
all our sauces out homemade you know wow
yeah Mr Bony I love that they got one
thing and they're like this is what we
do yeah 100% one product on the menu you
know it's going to be half decent cuz
they're concentrating on diving deep on
one product love that more power to it
being known for one ping incredible
you've been called Mr Bon few you a few
times in a few oh yeah few different
concepts yeah thank you it's cool yeah
you get you got like a very pink face
from oh yeah high blood pressure but
look this is the street food yeah it's
got loads of cool stuff like I
absolutely love these places it's an
incubator for startups an opportunity
opportunity for people to move into a
residence with great footful it looks
fresh fun colorful vibrant what more
could you want this is brilliant
Edinburgh I love the place this might be
my new spirit
animal there's so many places here bro
we we here for like two days we're going
to do like six or seven reviews like
there's hundreds of other places we have
to come and visit if you're new here by
the way hit the Subscribe button because
we got some mad content coming which you
already know about what up here this has
already been already been cooked yeah
that been been cooked and Dr in the oven
and finished on barbecue oh wow and then
see now you're barbecuing yeah how does
the how do you maintain moisture into
the meat it's because of our brain you
know and it's because it's very like
slowly cooked you know for 24 hours in
low temperature so heat it's get busy
here yeah yeah it's quite busy yeah yeah
like December was really good for us you
know right nice looks like an amazing
product thank you the the little the
sprinkles on top with the and the sauce
over it and just shove it in I agree
let's AB C man shove it
in this could be the coolest review ever
could be wow and coldest yeah coolest
and coldest yeah takes like 3 4 hours to
caramelize our onion so you got onion on
the bun first spices yeah we put then
then the meat goes on then Meats yeah
simple as that yeah yeah and sauce on
the side with our sprinkles on the side
yeah also we have a bone alone if you
prefer we can do without the roll ja a
Bone Alone a Bone Alone Bone
Alone a sauce on the top and sprinkles
this one's called this one's called the
boner then you got the boner
alone okay the boner there we have it
the got a big boner here in uh edur
let's cut to the food yeah hope you
enjoy and waiting for your
feedback you'll see my feedback please
uh where do I pay like no it's okay it's
okay no please let me pay please I'm
it's okay yeah I'm absolutely sure yeah
just I will be grateful if you give us
your your feedback said give us a 10
yeah God bless you my friend thank you
for your time us it was nice to talk to
you stay warm please yeah take more
nothing because messy is it messy I like
to get messy oh with the boner oh sorry
the
Bony um goodbye sorry for being vulgar
thank you it's Dan He leads me astray
yeah sorry and here we have
it look at that look toasted bread beef
rib caramelized onions in there pepper
corn
sauce crispy little sprinkles here we go
brother are you ready I'm ready go I'm
excited for this share this video tag
someone do something with this video now
just got a boner oh here we
go are you ready I don't need that look
well
that didn't take a lot did it no that
did not take a lot of Co in bro let's uh
do we need to shred this a little bit
yeah look spread that out a little bit
oh my God oh my God are you ready
bro pepper corn
sauce get some pepper corns in there oh
my God and then we've got the
sprinkles
that little bit of salty texture oh God
look at
that I
can't believe
this this is a Wonder product yeah that
looks this is like this might go down in
the history books was the best thing
ever I'm getting really excited now will
it taste good or will it be like dry and
I don't
know oh
a a lot of noises a okay let's go I
don't know how to here we go right just
get
in
I feel like I've waited all my life to
eat that that looked almost orgasmic
I'll be
honest look bigger than that that is my
love
language I'm not
words it looks like really
instagrammable blah blah blah blah tasty
it's like the the onions I'm ridiculous
this bread is awesome like the the beef
is just
like I'm so happy I'm so
happy I wish you not could taste
this it's game
over street from game is just finished
completed the
boner Mr boner the boner
it's just amazing it's warm it's
comforting it feels and tastes really
high quality it reminds me of like Deli
I went to a New York where you've got
that that deep gravy where you dunk in
the hot
beef the pepper corn has that gravy
warmth creaminess to it with that
peppery kick you're getting
everything
lost
words nearly my favorite thing I've ever
read
like a runner has just gone past on the
icest
day rest in peace he's 100% going to die
at some point during his run he's dead
under a bus hey this is so Good by thank
you my pleasure bro pleasure he knows it
as well he knows it
why is the whole of the city not
queueing up there for this this is the
coolest thing I've ever
read you know what
it 35 there is that right time for a
score that ladies and
gents is a 10 out of 10 love it
faultless we give 10 out of 10 to things
every now and again that have magic
above and beyond just the food and this
has pulled it off on a cold day lacking
an atmosphere yeah if we're the only
ones here like I'm not certainly not
catching a Vibe right now I'll tell you
that for a fact if F the opposite it's
dead out here lifeless that score has
come exclusively from what that has just
done in my mouth Edinburgh you have got
a giant here that's one of the coolest
things I've ever read a really simple
high quality perfectly executed piece of
street food that has made my heart smile
thanks for watching everyone that that's
a review