it's the dfb video you've all been
waiting for what are our Disney World
restaurant recommendations for 2024 sit
tight buckle up and hang on cuz some of
our choices this year are going to make
your jaw drop cuz they're not what
you're
[Music]
expecting hey everybody it's AJ for
Disney food blog and it's once again
that time of year where I round up all
the best restaurants on the Disney World
scene currently that you're going to
want consider checking out during your
next Disney World trip in 2024 CU of
course you're going to go to Disney
World in 2024 this is going to include
new favorites classic favorites and
shocking favorites that to be quite
honest with you we never expected to see
appear on this list until they proved us
wrong in the best possible way before we
jump into things we want to help you
plan out your Disney World vacation in
whatever way we can which is why we've
created our free Disney World planning
worksheets scan the QR code you see on
the screen now or head to disneyfoodblog
to download this digital companion and
keep track of all your reservations your
must and your important planning info
all in one place and it's toally
free all right ready for new year new
food let's see all the new stuff that's
cooking inside the Disney World scene in
March 2023 we finally got to try Roundup
Rodeo barbecue and this place is a good
time Roundup Rodeo is located in
Hollywood Studios but more specifically
it's in Andy's backyard turns out you're
going to be shrunk down to the size of a
toy and serve lots of barbecue and
picnic style stuff family style well yes
you can find other barbecue at lots of
other Disney places for a whole lot
cheaper than what Roundup Rodeo is going
to cost you in the end you're definitely
paying for the colorful setting and
immersiveness here as well as the all
you care to enjoy portions so if you
want barbecue and a whole lot of it
you'll want to make sure to lock down
your reservations for Roundup Rodeo just
as soon as you are able AKA 60 days
before your visit and Roundup is still
one of those restaurants that's a little
bit tough to get a reservation for right
now A lot of people are interested in it
because it's so brand brand new so this
is one to definitely grab 60 days out
but March didn't just give us Roundup
Rodeo it also gave us Rosa Mexicano over
in Disney World Swan and Dolphin on the
dolphin side while Rosa Mexicano isn't
unique to the Disney scene it's a chain
it's still a noteworthy restaurant rich
with Mexican culture in both its
atmosphere and menu options Rosa
Mexicano is also super well known for
its 100 plus varieties of tequila and
Agave based Spirits including its
award-winning Frozen pomegranate
margarita in July of 2023 Trails End
over at Fort Wilderness debuted its new
serving style and menu items before this
restaurant used to be a full Buffet but
now it's a market concept with Quick
Service items including big family meals
like the Fried Chicken in full slab of
barbecued ribs which can feed two to
four people and it's only going to cost
you between $27 and $31 for the whole
thing you'll even find hand scooped ice
cream and the famous Strawberry
Shortcake here the very same Shortcake
that comes at the end of your
hoop-de-doo Musical review meal sorry
spoiler Shiki Sai Sushi isaka opened in
nacot Japan Jaan Pavilion during the
month of August 2023 and it took things
to the next level when it comes to
restaurant theming and menu items here
in Japan chisai is on the second floor
of the mitsukoshi building and offers up
some stunning views of the world
showcase Lagoon it is replacing Tokyo
dining and you can still see the Epcot
fireworks from here but in addition to
that the dining room also contains
Japanese inspired Festival decor and
tables that feature unique digital
windows that move and change according
to the time of year while not every
table has these windows you can always
try to request one upon checking into
your reservation just in case there's
one available when you go these have
their own fireworks by the way not the
Epcot fireworks but their own fireworks
along with the dining room scenery you
got lots of fresh food to choose from
including unique roles sashimi niri and
a continually rotating list of seasonal
items to reflect the Japanese festivals
that take place during the winter summer
and fall at the very end of 2023 we got
to welcome two new restaurants to the
Disney spring scene summerh house on the
lake and eat Sumer house on the lake is
the jack of all trades it's a table
service restaurant with pizzas and
sandwiches salads and pastas just you
know everything it's a weekend brunch
spot too with Mexican hash browns
breakfast tostadas sunn side up eggs
with parmesan cream and breakfast pizza
with applewood bacon those are available
Saturdays and Sundays from 9:00 a.m. to
3:00 p.m. and it's also a bakery with
lots of oversized cookies and other
sweet treats thanks to its attached
cookie jar dessert bar and it's also a
lounge see we said Jack of all trades
with three bars that serve a large
collection of wine and beer and
handcrafted cocktails and non-alcoholic
drinks too it's also got a signature
Ros√© cart featuring the restaurant
signature summer house Ros so to sum up
summerhouse it's the restaurant that you
can go to when your group just can't
make up their mind about where to go
meanwhile eat by many shaan is a new
quick service restaurant over in the
marketplace section of Disney Springs
that serves traditional Indian Cuisine
with a modern flare manit Shawan is a
James Beard award-winning chef and Food
Network star and she's opened up this
new spot alongside hospitality
entrepreneur and her husband vivec Diora
on the menu expect to find items like
walking tacos Samosa chopped salad
tandoori chicken poutine a bread service
and build your own bowls but guess what
folks we've still got even more Disney
World restaurants to look forward to in
the New Year the cake bake shop is
another new eery that'll be opening over
in the boardwalk in area in early 2024
this is going to serve items for brunch
lunch and dinner featuring both sweet
and savory options and an afternoon tea
service and a Champagne Bar okay now
moving on while we don't know much or
anything about the restaurants that'll
be opening with the new Disney Vacation
Club section of the Polynesian Village
Resort we do know that there'll be
options available in some way shape or
form to feed you okay so we'll be sure
to let you know what those restaurants
will feature once we learn more
hopefully Disney gives us a few heads up
about these soon Blue Ribbon corn dogs
is also going to show up over at
boardwalk in in 2024 this was once a
Disneyland original location serving up
hand dipped corn dogs and other unique
corn dog creat Creations in Downtown
Disney at a kiosk but now it'll be
gracing Disney World with its presence
too while you can get your average
runof-the-mill corn dog here this little
kiosk also features corn dog Creations
that are anything but average we've seen
a pickle and peanut butter corn dog pop
up on the California menu before they've
got that incredible July 4th corn dog
which is all cheese that just like
stretches out into red white and blue
there's going to be a street corn dog
here so expect seasonal varieties all
throughout 2024 finally we learn back in
September during destination d23 that a
new Tavern is in the works for Adventure
Land in Magic Kingdom this will end up
being a new pirate themed area available
for guests of all ages to expand on the
lore around the classic Disney Dark Ride
Pirates of the Caribbean now we don't
have details surrounding this new pub
just yet we don't even know if it's
going to open in 2024 or not but we are
so excited to see the Magic Kingdom
dining and drink options expand in the
park in the near or even distant future
and of course we're going to talk about
Pirates of the Caribbean Tavern like ad
nauseum forever cuz that's going to be
awesome
this next lineup of restaurants may not
be as new as the others we've just
listed but they'll feel new to you if
you've never tried them or heard of them
before and believe me you should try
them because these are the underrated
sleeper hits they could become one of
your alltime favorites like they have
for us for instance you got some really
great steak options on Disney property
like yachtsman Steakhouse at Yacht Club
and Steakhouse 71 at contemporary these
tend to be overshadowed by lelia at
abcot but both yachtsman and Steakhouse
71 provide high quality meat tasty sides
sophisticated atmospheres and attached
lounges that won't require you to make a
reservation just keep in mind that both
of these restaurant locations will only
be able to provide you with those
Steakhouse cuts for dinner yachtsman
Steakhouse is only open in the evenings
between 5:00 and 9:30 p.m. and while
Steakhouse 71 is open for breakfast
lunch and dinner its steak menu isn't
available till the evening though you
may still be able to ask for an off menu
6 oz fillet Manan during lunch never
hurts to ask and check but if you're
there for lunch get the burger it's
amazing as much as we love steaks and
comfort food sometimes we're craving
something a little more unique and if
that's the vibe you're going for then
Bulma at Disney's Animal Kingdom Lodge
is going to be right up your alley Bulma
is a buffet style dining experience
which I know I know we don't like
buffets but just stick with me here this
is one that I can make an exception for
cuz this is where you're going to fill
your plate with African inspired Entre
and sides there are also a few American
favorites on the buffet lineup too so
picky eaters are going to have their
choice of options now for breakfast
you're going to expect stuff like fresh
fruit African pastries carved ham
breakfast potatoes scrambled eggs baboy
which is kind of like a kiche and tons
of POG juice yep it's all POG juice all
you can drink that's passion fruit
orange guava by the way it's really good
and for dinner your meal might include
options like the curry salmon Fire
Grilled Meats African soups lots of
soups amazing soups if you are a soup
fan like me Bulma is a do not miss by
the way just write it down on your
little tablet right now or put it in a
note on your phone or something soup
fans here we go all right hummus and pea
and those famous zebra does are also
getable for dessert at Bulma and not to
be that person or anything but you're
really not going to go wrong with any of
the restaurants that you make
reservations for an Animal Kingdom Lodge
I know it's far away I get it I know you
have to take a bus there that's the
worst but the restaurants are really
really good so SAA is another great
option here serving a fusion of African
and Indian Cuisine made with authentic
cooking methods like slow roasting and
Tandoori Oven cooking now I am a super
picky eater you guys know this but SAA
is always going to have something that
I'm going to enjoy same with Bulma so
don't worry about your picky eaters
they'll find something and joico is the
table service at Animal Kingdom Lodge
that's back over on the Jambo House side
by the way sonat is in the kadani
village side of Animal Kingdom Lodge now
jico is a table service it's kind of a
romantic tranquil atmosphere you've got
a menu of adventurous African flavors
the signature restaurant so super
expensive but that menu is going to
change out regularly honestly even the
mara quick service here gets a 10 out of
10 from us thanks to its unique items
like baboy there too quinoa for
breakfast or the African stew for lunch
or dinner several other options I always
love the pastries here too they have
really unique exclusive bespoke pastries
for this particular location it's not
just what you're going to get everywhere
else which is awesome so yeah I'm
clearly on team Animal Kingdom Lodge all
the way despite it being kind of out of
the way from the other Resorts and have
to take a bus and stuff like that okay
sorry had to go on that little Spiel
there but let's get out of the akl area
now and head to Grand Floridian next
Grand Floridian is known for some really
fancy schmancy restaurants but one of
the restaurants that tends to get
overshadowed by the others is the Grand
Floridian Cafe it's an awesome
restaurant for brunch eats they've got
that great chicken and waffles dish
they've got the lobster thermador burger
and it's all in a relaxed environment
now I will say it kind of looks like
Sophia's bedroom from The Golden Girls
which is fine for a lot of us now if you
don't like Victorian Vibe like that then
I can understand why you wouldn't want
to go there but it's it's inoffensive
let's say that it's not it's not the
most hip atmosphere but it's definitely
inoffensive and the price tag here isn't
that bad either so you're getting really
really good food not too bad a price tag
you're within walking distance and Magic
Kingdom so win-win-win it's also worth
checking to see if this table service is
serving its famous chilled strawberry
soup while you're there it may not be
listed on the menu it might still be an
off menu item that your server can hook
you up with cuz remember this was super
popular 1900 Park Fair which a lot of
you don't even remember because it
hasn't been open since 2020 but if you
do remember it there's a tip now Three
Bridges baring grilled this is another
Resort Restaurant that folks tend to
overlook because it can be timec
consuming to get there it's at Coronado
Springs Resort again you're going to
have to take a bus but if you do make
the trk out here Three Bridges is going
to provide you with beautiful outdoor
dining it is all Outdoors heads up you
do have a roof over you but it's open on
the sides and the thing that's cool
about it is it's right in the middle of
the lake it's right in the middle of
Dorado so you're going to have to kind
of hoof it to get out there but it's not
that far you're going to find upscale
Spanish inspired bar food here like Port
Carn tacos poke bows I know not really
Spanish inspired warm churros and lots
of other shared plates and burger
options now for my sangria fans out
there Three Bridges is Mecca for you it
offers housemade sangrias including
drinks that can be ordered by the
pitcher one thing that's really buming
me out about this place lately though is
that they took my favorite warm and
Chango and Waka cheese dip off the menu
they do have a cheese dip but it's like
a white queso dip and it's just kind of
you know it's better than not having
cheese but it's not what it used to be
so just heads up if you love that as
much as I did speaking of restaurants
with great views geyser Point Bar and
Grill at Disney's Wilderness Lodge this
is another open a lounge that offers
gorgeous Waterfront View and has got a
fireplace for cool evenings which yes
can happen in Florida Believe It or Not
geyser Point has a table service lounge
and a quick service walkup counter both
of which have different food options for
you to choose from but at the lounge you
can order items like the Bison Burger
which is actually really really good
despite bisen not having as much fat and
therefore it's usually not having as
much flavor it is a really really good
burger they have Sherie boards here
Margarita flights that change out with
the seasons and Specialty cocktails
featuring Spirits from Northwest
distilleries even though we tend to talk
about Skipper canteen located over in
Magic Kingdom pretty frequently on this
channel it still tends to be one of the
more underrated table services in the
park so we are clearly not doing our job
a big reason for that is because it's
one of the more adventurous options
you're going to find in Magic Kingdom
while many of Magic Kingdom's
restaurants cater to families that may
have younger members in their group who
prefer chicken tenders and pizzas to
fill their sustenance needs the food at
Skipper canteen pulls from the world
famous jungle cuisine in honor of the
world famous Jungle Cruise featuring
Asian South American and African
influence dishes like the Falls Family
Falafel the Hardy hard Char soup pork
and the kungo dessert made with an
African inspired chocolate cake
caramelized bananas cashew caramel ice
cream and coffee dust and for those of
you adventurers who know where the
kangaloo comes from I see you there's
also a secret menu here where you just
might be able to order the powo AKA
Brazilian cheese bread with pablano
cream cheese and chimmy Cherry sauce
along with several other Hush Hush items
that kind of come and go so definitely
always ask about the secret menu but you
know what restaurants might be the most
underrated on Disney World property
those ones over at the Swan and Dolphin
now I already mentioned there's a brand
new elevated Mexican restaurant here but
along with that there are so many other
top tier restaurants to choose from Swan
and Dolphin are owned by Marriott but
they're right there next to the
boardwalk in yacht and beach club
they're within walking distance of Epcot
Hollywood Studios and the Skyliner so if
you're an abcot think about booking a
reservation over on the swan side for
kimono sushi bar this is literally
karaoke and Sushi which is like the best
and the swans also got IL Molino New
York Tratoria which is one of my
husband's favorites and my favorites we
love going here for Italian some of the
best Italian on property they also have
an attached Lounge and you can check out
the outdoor Terrace they've got small
batch Bourbon cacs and Brandy signature
cocktails high quality wine you name it
over at the Dolphin I got to give a
quick mention to the grab andg go quick
service fuel cuz this is one of the only
places on property it is probably the
only place on property you're going to
find Dr Pepper to drink don't tell me
that's not a big deal because it is and
not only that but fuel also sells
sandwiches snacks specialty coffee and
they have self-served frozen yogurt
which often includes self-served Dole
Whip my friends so that's the only place
you're going to find self-served do web
anywhere on Disney World
property moving on to what's affordable
you've got a budget you don't want to
blow that budget and yet you still want
to eat a lot of good food so what do you
do to find that happy medium well you
hit up the best of Disney World Quick
Service offerings of course which a lot
of them actually are better than table
service so over in Epcot connections
Cafe and eery they've got a little
something for everyone and don't worry
I'm going to talk about Regal Eagle
later in this video we will get to to it
but the options here can be a bit more
adventurous they've got the French
beastro burger with bacon Brie and Brio
buns satisfying alliteration there the
general show chicken salad and the ever
famous Le waffles but the choices aren't
going to be so adventurous that you feel
like you're stretching way too far
outside your comfort zone this quick
service is also big on the rule
following cuz there isn't any seat
saving here you got to have food in hand
before you can plop down at a table but
don't let that stress you out there's
plenty of tables all around this place
including select tables that can charge
your phones too if they're running low
on juice at Disney Springs right next to
Ragin road which will have its own
moment to shine later on you can find
Cooks of Dublin a quick service location
that hooks you up with tasty Irish
inspired Meals On The Go the fish and
chips is always a popular choice but you
can also pick up the wonderful hog in a
box a variety of sandwiches yes it is
called hog in a box why wouldn't it be
and most importantly that Dubliner Irish
cheese and bacon dip which is my heart
living outside of my body right now I'm
pretty sure so what about the resorts
don't the resorts have some affordable
yet satisfying food options to AJ
absolutely Captain Cooks at Disney's
Polynesian Village Resort that's a
little tropical Getaway on a budget at
breakfast the Tonga toast which is
banana stuffed sourdough bread that's
deep fried and dusted with cinnamon
sugar we haven't talked about that in a
while on the channel have we that's a
big showstopper it's one of those things
that all of us old school Disney fans
know about but if you're new to the
channel then you might not have heard of
this one yet by the way Tonga toast is
also cheaper at Captain Cooks than it is
upstairs at Kona Cafe so heads up on
that and for the lunch dinner snack you
can grab the pulled pork nachos here the
Thai coconut meatballs or the Pan Asian
noodles which may not taste exactly like
our beloved Ohana noodles that you can
grab at the Ohana restaurant or as a
secret menu option at tamboo Lounge but
they're filling and flavorful and way
cheaper now don't forget to check on the
seasonal cupcakes often featured at
Captain cooks too usually they're Moana
themed which is cute um but you never
know there might be something super
special for Stitch Etc jumping from a
monreal resort and over to a Skyliner
Resort now let's check out another
fairly new boardwalk in restaurant the
boardwalk Deli this replaced the
boardwalk Bakery back in 2022 but really
it's very similar it just sort of
enhanced what was already there you're
still going to find plenty of seasonal
baked goods here along with bagels and
sandwiches and other grab and go eats
that you can devour before after or as a
break from your busy Epcot day I think
they just kind of changed the name to
Deli so that people would know that
there was regular food here too and not
just Bakery items all right we rarely
ever talk about this next Resort Quick
Service and I apologize for that because
Goods food to go over at Old Key West
deserves its due love and attention too
if you've ever wanted to listen to soft
calypso music as you dine on traditional
counter service fair in a casual
tropical al fresco environment then just
be happy to know that Goods exists and
can give you just that much like Captain
Cooks Goods also has some satisfyingly
hearty and savory Kettle chip loaded
nachos that you can share amongst your
group but depending on when you visit
Goods food to go likes to serve one of
the best do varieties during the Spring
and Summer that's the key lime swirl
made with vanilla soft serve and key
lime do whip swirled together with
graham cracker crumbs sprinkled on top
moving on to what's popular some Disney
World restaurants are just known around
property as the places to go to while
you're inside the resort especially if
this is your first ever trip to the
parks or if you don't get to travel this
direction very often Cinderella's Royal
table for instance continues to be the
most popular spot to eat in all of
Disney World just for the novelty of
dining inside the Cinderella castle at
the heart of Magic Kingdom sure the food
isn't knockout but those views certainly
are plus this is one of the few
restaurants where you'll be able to meet
several princesses at once without
having to worry about standing in a meet
and great line just to chitchat and take
pictures just brace yourself for that
super steep price point recently
Cinderella's Royal table along with
several other Disney World restaurants
saw some pretty significant price hikes
now Cindy is going to cost you $84 per
adult and $49 per kid you can knock down
that price a bit however if you make a
reservation for breakfast while it's
still expensive breakfast will be $20
cheaper per adult at $64 and $7 cheaper
per kid one of the newer novelty yet
still Ultra popular restaurant
experiences at Disney world is space 220
inside of Epcot after taking a quick
trip on the restaurant's space elevator
the St elevator you'll enter into the
centor space station a dining room
that'll truly make you feel like you're
floating above the Earth and Among the
Stars now that's something you're not
going to find back at your Chili's at
home unless your chilies is a lot cooler
than the one next to my house again the
prefixed food here is pricey and not all
of it is going to be worth that amount
of money but some of the options here
aren't too bad Ah that's a rave review
from yours truly right now some of our
favorites include the 8 oz fanan a
dinner exclusive item the coconut
panacotta the star calamari and the 1.5
lb baked whole lobster stuff with jumbo
crab which is another dinner exclusive
item but this one is for an additional
cost if you want to get real bougie with
it don't forget you can also eat at the
space 220 lounge if you want some
smaller bites at a more allart price
point while still getting the full
centor space station experience the
lounge does offer Advanced dining
reservations it's one of the few that
does and these can be just as difficult
to snag as the main restaurant's
reservations if not more so for your
best chance at securing those adrs log
on to the Disney World website or My
Disney Experience app to book them
exactly 60 days before your icot visit
reservations go live on the site daily
starting at 6:00 a.m. eastern but they
have been known to pop up even earlier
than that around 5:30 or 5:45 now one of
my favorite things to eat at space 220
is at the lounge and it's the chicken
and waffles so if you head to the lounge
I hope you can get it now if your group
is all 21 and older you could try to
grab a walkup seat at the bar for a last
minute experience when there's bar
seating available while viapol may not
be themed to the extreme like space 220
is it's still a mighty popular
restaurant in the Epcot scene serving up
authentic Neapolitan Woodfired pizzas
and pastas and meat dishes now I know I
see this restaurant isn't as themed as
space 220 but let's keep in mind that
space 220 sets that bar really high the
annapoli dining room is still impressive
iive with its soaring ceilings and
rustic frescos and massive wood Ovens
that are literal faces named vuo Etna
and strong buly after the three active
volcanoes in Italy during peak times of
the year you might also find viapol
attached Pizza window Pizza Al taglio
open for business but unlike viop itself
Pizza Al tago serves Sicilian style
slices think Square thick crust instead
of those thin crusts you're going to
find inside the actual table service but
let's say you're looking to check off
every restaurant requirement you've got
you want character dining you want
immersive setting you want high quality
food and you don't want to have to pay
for a park ticket to achieve it then
friends I'd like to bring you to story
book dining with Snow White at artist
point at artist point you can indulge in
a prefixed meal that includes multiple
appetizers one entree per person and
lots of shared desserts a couple of our
favorite Entre include a stroll through
nature which is actually a vegetarian
dish with noi and asparagus leaks
arugula sage and Parmesan and the
cottage beef stroganov made with tender
beef preserved vegetables spatel
mushrooms aged cows milk cheese but for
me it's the Royal prime rib roast all
day long it's made with horseradish
mashed potato a giant Yorkshire pudding
carrot and aou it's also probably going
to give you the most bang for your buck
in terms of Entre and unlike many of the
Disney table Services where the desserts
are just okay the desserts at artist
Point are decadent and on point with the
Enchanted Forest dining room theming but
this is a character meal we're talking
about here so who are we going to meet
well the OG princess herself Snow White
along with Dopey grumpy and the evil
queen don't worry the queen doesn't go
around poisoning apples here at least
that's what we've been
told so what's surprising us in Disney
World's restaurants right now well
there's a reason we go back and revisit
restaurants over and over and over again
and that's because if we didn't enjoy it
we definitely want to see if they've
changed their tune so when these once
mediocre restaurants actually do prove
us wrong we've got to give them a shout
out and let let them know we're proud of
them and we also want you to be aware
that these places are in their delicious
era too just in case you want to try
them yourself take Fairfax fair over in
Hollywood Studios good example we've
been to Fairfax Fair dozens of times
plus over the years but it's always
provided that typical theme park food
experience that was pretty forgettable a
couple of years back they started
offering gourmet hot dogs and those
weren't awful but still nothing we'd go
out of our way for especially since just
a few lands over you can pick up a ronto
wrap from ronto roosters instead and get
a much more unique and delicious hot
doglike snack but then Fairfax Fair
changed again and this time it caught
our attention and held it now this place
is serving up unique Savory waffle bowls
filled with meats and veggies and creamy
mashed potatoes out of the Waffle Bowl
options our personal favorite is
probably the barbecued beef brisket Bowl
but there are some really great picks
here there's even a plant-based one with
soba noodles oh and get this Fairfax
fair just added another new item to
their menu this year the bacon mac and
cheese as if they hadn't won me over yet
they really sealed the deal with this
one this this specialty mac and cheese
is a housemade baked macaroni and cheese
with beer cheese bacon and topped with
breadcrumbs and I've got one word for it
delicious now just a heads up if you're
missing the gourmet hot dogs that used
to be here they've relocated over to
Dockside Diner in Echo Lake so you don't
have to miss them too much ABC
commissary is another Hollywood Studios
restaurant that you might have assumed
only serves up standard theme park eats
in a large airconditioned environment
but no my friends far from it this
restaurant has come a long way even
before Fairfax Fair received its menu
makeover abcc had won in 2020 taking
this restaurant from just okay to a we
go here pretty regularly now now you can
find a few International inspired
flavors here like a Mediterranean salad
with chicken pork carnitas tacos shrimp
tacos and a buffalo chicken grilled
cheese that's not really International
but it sure is tasty but now it's time
for the biggest plot twist of them all I
am here right here right now adding
Tony's Town Square over at Magic Kingdom
to our top restaurants list for 2024 qua
well we've definitely had a strain
relationship with Tony's in the past and
I'm not saying the apprehensive feelings
here have 100% gone away it takes a lot
to earn our trust back again Tony but
the new menu items that Tony's been
adding to its food lineup have
definitely helped it out exhibit a the
foot long mozzarella sticks I mean I
can't explain it any better than that
these are really long mozi sticks that
come with spicy creamy tomato dipping
sauce and and that's the mic drop we've
been searching for they're really good
but in case you're not sold just yet and
I get it mozzarella sticks you haven't
tried them you don't know they're great
got it let me show you exhibit B Tony's
garlic bread for the table made with
toasted chabata and topped with roasted
garlic butter and Parmesan fond Duda or
Exhibit C the tortillini alforno which
is a calabrian chili and cheese
tortillini with baked Italian sausage
and onions and peppers and mozzarella
and a creamy tomato sauce a little bit
spicy a little bit creamy served in a
little oven baked dish just really good
so before you say a word yes I realize I
just mentioned a lot of new foods that
directly cater to my cheese loving heart
but even if you're not big on the ultra
cheesy Stuff Tony still has several new
Italian food offerings for you to choose
from that you can enjoy inside or out on
the porch of this lady in the
inspired setting so I don't know I don't
know how it's going to end you can stick
with us to find out but right now we are
adding Tony's to the list now quick
interlude I get it so much food so
little time right so how are you
actually going to narrow down this list
of tasty options to figure out what you
want to prioritize without blowing your
entire food budget in the first 24 hours
of your vacation Hakuna Matata my dudes
we've got you covered we've reviewed
every restaurant and nearly every snack
available at Disney World just so we
could write a series of dfb guides about
them check out our dfb guide to all
Disney World dining and snacks bundle
for all the details you need to plan
your snacking and spending you can even
download them to your smartphone so
you'll have them all right there with
you in the Parks too just head to dfb
store.com and snag your copy today make
sure you type in code YouTube to save
some money on your total
purchase okay ready to add to your list
we're moving on to what's familiar
what's cozy what's comfort food there
are going to be times during your Disney
World vacation where you're going to get
tired of the experimental snacks and out
there Entre and when that happens you'll
want to run to these restaurants for
their full menus of familiar favorites
we're going to throw Olivia's Cafe on
this over at Disney's Old Key West this
may take you some extra travel time to
get to if you're not already staying as
a guest at this DVC Resort but the
comfort food and classic American eats
and Florida Keys inspired menu options
may be worth the trip for you this
restaurant has a real chill atmosphere
to it very Breezy and casual and beachy
and popular items on the menu include
the key lime pie and the southernmost
buttermilk chicken but what folks really
love about this place is that it serves
brunch offerings all week long instead
of just on the weekends like several
other tables Services tend to do okay
Epcot your turn Epcot has two
restaurants that I want to shout out one
table service and one quick service that
are both superb when it comes to comfort
food and lots of it the table service
Garden girl serves up a family style
meal with Thanksgiving like dishes like
mac and cheese and mashed potatoes and
veggies and berry shortcake and roasted
meats and Garden Fresh salads I know a
lot of you are laughing because I'm
talking about Garden Grill again I
understand I get it but it's really good
even though the food here is mighty
familiar the setting is what makes this
restaurant truly stand out since the
dining room actually slowly rotates
during your meal to take you through
scenes directly above the living with
the land boat ride plus farmer Mickey
and friends come to hang out at your
table over and over and over again which
is one of the big advantages of dining
in a circle-shaped restaurant more
character interaction time cuz it's a
smaller restaurant and Regal Eagle
Smokehouse is the other Epcot restaurant
that I want to mention here cuz it's big
on representing all barbecue preferences
across the US so whether you prefer your
bar barbecue sauce to have a mustard
base like in South Carolina or tomato
base like in Kansas City you're going to
find all those different sauces here
which you can use to Jazz up your pulled
pork or roasted chicken or whatever you
got however you see fit Regal Eagle also
has some pretty epic loaded burnt ends
fries that come topped with beer
battered onion rings and mac and cheese
what I know and since we're on the
subject of smoked meat and cheese on top
of fries guess who's back the pulled
pork fries are back at flame tree
barbecue in Animal Kingdom tell a friend
this basket of salty cheese barbecue
Saucy goodness abandoned us me for a
good long while but Disney made sure to
reunite us me just this past October and
I'll tell you what it's just as good as
I remember it being now you can't talk
about Good Old comfort food eats without
mentioning homecoming somewhere so let's
mention it right now homecoming over in
Disney Springs is owned by Chef Art
Smith and features a menu that
celebrates all things Southern in
Florida Cuisine the fried chicken or
more specifically the thigh high chicken
and biscuits is what many folks come
here for but make sure to save room for
some of those other sides and starters
like the famous church lady deviled eggs
the spicy cauliflower Wings the cheddar
cheese drop biscuits and the mac and
cheese this place is also well known for
its moonshine cocktails can't decide on
a flavor consider getting a flight of
all six and during homecomings rise and
shine brunch served on Saturdays and
Sundays only you can get a few other
extra menu options too like the
Halleluja biscuit and the hush puppy
Benedict so let's talk about what's
entertaining much like Cinderella's
Royal table or space 220 sometimes the
places we make reservations for are less
about the food and more about the
overall experience but isn't it great
when you can get the best of both worlds
and eat great food and have great
entertainment cuz that's what beer
Garten could hook you up with over in
Epcot beer Garten is a theater style
restaurant filled with long family style
tables inside a dining room that's set
to look like a small German Village very
cozy and weirdly Outdoors even though
you're not okay that didn't make sense
but look at the images and then it makes
sense now the little town Decor is
entertaining enough on its own own but
up on the stage German performers go the
extra mile by showcasing authentic
October Fest numbers throughout the day
later hosen and all and while you're
watching the musical stylings of the
accordion and bag pipes and maybe even
watching the kiddos in the crowd get up
to dance along you'll dine on a full
Buffet featuring German inspired dishes
like BR worst and spatel and potato
salad and really really good mac and
cheese don't forget to wash it down with
your favorite German beer too which you
can order by the leader and if you're
looking for music and dancing and all
around Irish marryt inside Disney
Springs and you're going to need to book
reservations for Raglin Road an
authentic Irish Pub right in the heart
of Disney Springs here you're going to
be served classic Irish dishes that are
presented with a contemporary twist
while shows don't happen here all the
time they happen more often than not and
you'll be guaranteed to see a show if
you stop by Raglin Road during my
favorite time to visit on the weekend
just in time for the rolicking Raglin
brunch on Saturdays and Sundays you can
find a special list of breakfast and
brunchy Foods in the am like the vague
sounding all this and eggs on top which
which actually consists of pulled slow
braised beef potato hash with sauteed
mushrooms green onions and mushroom
ketchup topped with two Sunnys side up
eggs but along with all the morning grub
you're also going to get that genuine
Irish entertainment up on the main stage
just keep in mind that a not every spot
in the restaurant's going to be a good
viewing spot for the show so you may try
requesting a table toward the main stage
when you check in if one's available and
B this place gets real loud when a
Show's happening it's a noisy busy pub
with lots of music and plenty to drink
but you might have a little little
trouble hearing your fellow dining
companions but if you're on the hunt for
a genuine dinner theater experience on
Disney property then you're going to
have to make a Trek Into the Wilderness
Fort Wilderness to be exact for a meal
at hoop-de-doo Musical review the
hoop-de-doo Musical review Dinner Show
made its debut back in
1974 and has been delivering major
vacation memories to Disney World guests
ever since the restaurant located in
Pioneer Hall is an extravaganza of food
and entertainment that all ages can
laugh and sting along with seriously
it's hard not to to have a good time
here and while you're busy enjoying the
show you're also going to be dining on
large buckets yep literal buckets filled
to the brim with food for the entire
table to share this includes all you
care to enjoy eats like fried chicken
and ribs mashed potatoes baked beans
cornbread and all sorts of Southern
goodies you're also going to have
unlimited drinks here which includes
unlimited draft beer wine and sangria
for guest 21 years of age and older and
soft drinks for everybody else there are
typically three show times per evening
for hoop to-do 400 p.m. 6:15 at 8:30
p.m. but be sure to show up for your
particular reservation about 30 minutes
before the show to make sure you get all
settled with plenty of time to spare
note hoop-de-doo Musical review is
currently unavailable for booking on
Monday and Tuesday evenings but we'll be
sure to let you know if the status of
that changes other note please don't
order the sria it's not good time to put
on your fancy pants cuz we're about to
dine with our shirt Tails tucked in and
our pinkies out let's talk about what's
sophisticated we're going to take it
from the top no we're liter literally
going to the top of Disney's Riviera
Resort to check out toino Terrace too's
Terrace has two different personalities
depending on what time of day you're
there at breakfast you'll meet Mickey
and friends in their artsy fartsy
outfits and enjoy some delicious eats
like the colorful pet of fresh pastries
the butcher steak and sour cream waffles
and at dinner the restaurant switches
gears transforming from a character
dining experience and into a signature
dining experience this is when you'll be
met with a menu of handmade pasta
seriously the stuff of Dreams along with
amazing Epcot nighttime views plus
fireworks views if you time your visit
just right and oh yeah lots and lots of
cheese inside Disney Springs moroto Asia
can be the perfect date night setting if
you're on the hunt for an elevated Pan
Asian Cuisine in a stunning two-story
building along the water very specific
requirements no doubt but respectable
regardless the main dining room is open
and bright with impressive waterfall
like chandeliers hanging from the
ceiling and over on the Restaurant's
menu you're going to be able to really
decide just how fancy you want to be
well some I items here are very highly
priced like the Morimoto peing duck
which is a carved house roasted whole
duck with apricot sweet chili hant and
miso for $79 the other items are more
reasonable for the signature spot like
the dim suum small plates Sushi and
soups back in 20121 Grand Floridian
signature restaurant Citra Co was
completely refurbished to take on a more
Mary Poppins returns inspired look but
not in a like totally in your face sort
of way it's pretty subtle and elegant
and on theme with the fresh upscale food
you're also going to find here citros
Prides itself on a menu of Entre
inspired by the cuisine of provance and
Tuscany and the Spanish Riviera so
expect to find steak seared on an oak
Fired Grill creative risotto handmade
pastas and seasonal seafood dishes No
Reservations no worries you can always
opt for the first come first serve
seating at the citros lounge or you can
order some of the appetizers at the bar
while watching the chefs do their thing
in the open kitchen all right these
restaurants are indeed fancy and high
priced and everything you might be
looking for in a signature restaurant
but what if I told you Disney had even
higher end restaurants on property for
you to choose from forget having just
one pinky out these restaurants are
going to require both pinkies for sure
tum in epcot's Japan Pavilion is a
restaurant inspired by Japan's natural
beauty where you'll be seated in one of
five rooms inspired by natural elements
water wood Earth stone and Washi paper
okay currently Tumi T has two different
prefix menus consisting of two Omas
multi-course meal options the omnivorous
meal is a whopping $250 per person and
includes your choice of Japanese A5 wagu
steak roasted duck or grilled Chilean SE
bass and the plant-based meal is 150 per
person and features items like ngiri and
sushi roll with vegetables deep fried
tofu a Yuba roll and vegetable tempura
pricey yes delicious also yes but just
keep in mind that Tumi T is not a rushed
experience by any means so your day in
Epcot will be cut short since 3 to 4
hours of it will be dedicated to dining
here and relishing the experience and
now we're back at the Grand Floridian
because of course we've got to talk
about Victoria and Alberts aka the most
hyy toyy restaurant of them all vicinal
is basically Peak luxury dining in
Disney World but if you're not going to
take my word for it just check out its
aaa5 Diamond award status as well as its
Forbes travel guide five-star
award-winning title among other
accolades Victoria and Albert serves
dinner in a variety of different ways
you can pick from three experiences the
chef's table which is an up close look
at the kitchen and a specialty dining
experience for small number of guests
Queen Victoria room which serves a
tasting menu and is limited to just four
couples per night and the dining room
aka the main area so what's on the menu
here well it depends the menu features
high quality ingredients from food
around the world but it's also
everchanging to keep up with what's
fresh and what you might prefer when it
comes to drinks Victoria and Alberts has
over 500 different wine selections so
you won't have the lack of options to
say the least there's also a water menu
which I've only had to order from water
menu use a few times in my life and it's
very stressful anyway there are some
males on staff to help you get that
perfect pairing of both water and wine
but if you're not big on the wine
there's also a zero proof cocktail
pairing you can add onto your meal as
well this Fancy Feast is definitely the
experience of a lifetime but with that
experience comes another triple digit
price point per person the dining room's
current price is $2.95 per person Queen
Victoria room is 375 per person and the
chef's table is
$425 per person safe to say dining here
is an extreme investment especially if
you want to add one of those drink
pairings too which will cost you an
additional $10 to $150 on top of those
prices I just quoted you so don't be
booking a reservation here on a whim
just for a casual date night out you're
going to want to save money and stomach
space to get the most out of this
experience time to wash down all that
food with a refreshing beverage or two
so let's head over to some of the best
Disney World lounges and see what
they've got behind the bar first up
we've got an oldie but a goodie Wine Bar
George over in Disney Springs Wine Bar
George is the only Master Somalia owned
wine bar in all of Florida and it's
owned by Master Somalia George Motes
which George Motes who actually has a
long history with Disney there are over
a hundred wine options on his menu which
you can order by the ounce bottle or
glass but the restaurant is great for
more than just its extensive wine menu
that's why we love it so much and why we
need to recommend it it's got solid food
and Lounge bites here too some of our
favorite eats here include the crispy
Mac cheese bites the saganaki on fire
which is literally cheese on fire and
the skirt steak fun fact if you don't
have time to sit down for some wine and
food but you really want to try at least
a sliver of this place while you're on
the go make a pit stop over at Wine Bar
George's attached counter service
location the basket here you're going to
find sandwiches small plates including
those glorious mac and cheese bites and
even picnic basket meals but the big
appeal of the basket is it's wine
slushies so don't miss out listen when
it comes to Disney Springs you got a lot
of solid drink options to choose from
you might even stumble upon a few happy
hour deals if you time your visits right
but if you want good drinks and fun
theming Jack Lindsay's Hangar bar is
where it's at jock Lindsay is an Indiana
Jones themed bar named after indies's of
trusted pilot the many tales of this
Dynamic Duos travels are told throughout
the decor but they're also told
throughout the menu just check out the
fun names of these Lounge bites and
drinks you've got the snake bite sliders
the Fountain of Youth chicken wings the
wrong Island cocktails and even the
non-alcoholic antidote mocktail honestly
if a picture explains a thousand words
then the jock Lindsay menu explains a
thousand Adventures shared between Indie
and jock BFFs and since we're on the
subject of Adventures and extreme Peril
let's head over to tro Sam's gr gr next
over at Polynesian Village Resort Jungle
Cruise fans will remember Trader Sam
from his days as the head salesman in
the jungle but nowadays he's devoting
more time to his Enchanted bar side
hustle Trader Sam's Grog gr brings to
light Sam's Devotion to drinks and his
mad love for Mixology be careful about
what drink you decide to order though
many of the specialty cocktails featured
on the menu will trigger certain
mystical events throughout the bar
adding an extra layer of immersion to
this already highly immersive atmosphere
the lounge is a little wild and a lot of
fun just keep in mind that after 8:00
p.m. this spot is reserved for those who
are 21 years and older for a resort
Lounge that's more on the sophisticated
side of things there's the Dalia Lounge
at Grand dintino Tower over in Disney's
Coronado Springs this rooftop Lounge is
located next to the towers table service
restaurant to TOA steaks and seafood and
offers lovely sweeping views across
Disney World property Tapas and
Specialty cocktails crafted by
mixologist are what's hot here and
Spanish kavas received the spotlight on
the wine list Dalia Lounge highlights
Spanish modernism and its interior
design featured throughout its coford
ceilings dandelion chandeliers and even
its portraits like the ones of Salvador
Dolly and Walt Disney hanging out
together bestest buds but the best part
about this place is its lowkey fireworks
viewing specifically from its outdoor
seating area complete with patio benches
and coffee tables and pillows nobody
knows about this place but you do now so
please go it's
amazing and of course we are moving on
to what's sweet the creme de Creme of
your meal dessert if we could eat giant
cookies and huge cake slices every
single day we might never leave Gideon's
Bake House alas life is cruel they close
even before the opening of the Disney
Springs location Gideons was famous
among Orlando locals for creating fully
loaded nearly half pound cookies with
options like triple chocolate chip
pistachio toffee chocolate chip and
coffee cake cookie just to name a few
but when the Disney Springs location
opened up back in 20121 it expanded its
menu of cookies to include limited
edition monthly flavors along with
Specialty Cake slices and unique
specialty coffees too bonus tip if you
visit during hot cookie hour either
between 2: and 300 p.m. or 7: and 8:00
p.m. you can get a warm Gideon's cookie
topped with vanilla bean ice cream if
you take a boat from Disney Springs over
to Disney's Port orleans's French
Quarter then you can find another
popular Disney sweet treat that you can
only get here beet scat cats Club Cafe
serves Mickey beet from early morning
well into the late evening so be on the
lookout for seasonal flavors and Sunday
Specialties or for those who are 21 and
over consider jazzing things up a bit
with those boozy Baton Rouge beignet
filled with your choice of Bailey Kalua
or RumChata for more of a sitdown
experience step over into the Next Room
scat cats Lounge for an evening of
drinks and Lounge bites more beet and if
you're there on the weekend some live
jazz music too finally over at Disney's
beach club resort you can make
reservations for beaches and cream an
authentic soda Counter restaurant decked
out in lots of pastels with a menu
highlighting classic dinner eats and
gigantic ice cream Sundays beaches and
cream is especially well known as being
home to the famous kitchen sink this is
an eight scoop ice cream sunde made for
sharing with the whole group served up
with every topping in the house and a
whole can of whipped cream did you do it
did you say a whole can cuz that's what
you're supposed to do okay if you didn't
next time but if you're not looking to
share or you just don't want to attempt
conquering such a huge ice cream feet
the specialty shakes and Sundays and ice
cream Creations will more than satisfy
your sweet tooth and don't forget
beaches and cream also has a to go
window where you can pick up those ice
cream Creations minus the table service
reservation bonus they've also got hard
floats and shakes for the adults looking
for a little afternoon pickme up okay
can you believe there are still so many
more Disney World restaurants out there
that we love and adore because there are
and we can't wait to keep sharing them
with you throughout 2024 and Beyond
obviously we couldn't fit everybody in
here but we did our best to mention some
of our absolute favorites some that are
coming back onto our favorites list and
a few that you need to try as a oneand
done just because but believe me I could
name about 50 more restaurants that I
absolutely adore that I don't have time
to tell you about today so definitely
head over to dfb store.com check out our
dfb guide because I did not cut Corners
with that it's all in there also before
you click over to another video don't
forget about our free Disney World
planning worksheets over at
disneyfoodblog doomd Disney plans thanks
for listening everyone and thanks for
watching as always this is AJ for Disney
food Vlog and we'll see you real
soon