hey guys and welcome to another episode
of UAE eats I'm yuei and today I am back
in New York City and today we're going
to be eating at the highest reviewed the
highest rated Italian restaurant in all
of New York City now New York City is
filled with great Italian food and out
of all the Italian restaurants many
people say that the best Italian
restaurant in New York City is carbon in
the West Village however I've been
trying to get into Carbone for a while
and to no avail it's really really hard
to get a reservation and walk in almost
impossible on top of that some people
say that Carbone is overrated after all
it lost its Michelin star last year and
it kind of has mixed reviews online if
you read the comments but today I
decided to take you guys to the next
best thing maybe even better which is
not the most famous Italian restaurant
but the highest rated one on Google and
that is how do I say this lartusi
lartusi now this place might not have
the brand recognition of carbon but
unlike Carbone it has a 4.5 rating on
Google and and over 1500 reviews that's
pretty good for so many reviews anyways
let's go check it out come on let's go
[Music]
foreign
so we're seated at the highest rated
Italian restaurant in all of New York
City we were able to get a seat outside
so uh it's actually a really nice
outdoor seating space I'm glad that this
outdoor seating component of covet has
remained even as the pandemic is over
I'm glad that they've retained the
outdoor seating sort of indoor space
hybrid components let's take a look at
the menu now I am super not cultured I
don't know how to say this lar tusi
lartusi but uh yeah I mean based on
reviews I hear everything here is good I
especially hear this bucatini is good
unfortunately I cannot eat crab so I
can't get the bucatini Nero but when I
was not allergic at the time this would
have been pretty good but I also hear
good things about this spaghetti and I
hear it's really like a different take
from the red sauce spaghetti that most
people are used to so you know I'm
really craving spaghetti so maybe let's
do this today and if this is the best
Italian restaurant in the city based on
reviews maybe we can see their take on
it maybe we can also throw in an
appetizer maybe Focaccia would be good
and I don't see it on the menu I hope
they have it and it's not just a dinner
item but I hear their olive oil cake is
a must here so let's um I don't see it
on the menu but uh let's see if we can
order that let me do the uh Focaccia
absolutely uh what are ramps ramps are
going to be in the same family as like a
league or a scallion they're in season
right now so if you like that um now
that you saw that arm and you you'll
probably have that thing where you're
like oh I see ramps everywhere it shows
up seasonally
um in some of our dishes and it enhances
our spaghetti our spaghetti's a little
bit different
the parmesan stop so it's going to be
white in color and then we have really
thin um garlic slices there's um red
chili flakes in there
um they're ramp and it's topped with
bread crumbs for texture nice it really
ramps it up I'm sure not the first one
who's following that joke I'm sure all
right I'll get the spaghetti out here
that's good yeah do you have the olive
oil cake I do have that it will be on
our dessert menu once you finish the
meal and then we can drop it off when
you uh make your way there the server
described everything beautifully uh you
can really detect that he kind of has
some passion for the menu and for the
restaurant so far I gotta say I'm
excited for the food but the service is
Top Notch services and everything you
know I grew up eating at some more dingy
Chinese restaurants so I always
prioritize taste over service but it
absolutely helps and it definitely helps
to make a good impression so can't wait
to eat
okay so we just got our first item
focaccia bread when they brought it at
first I almost thought this was like
cornbread just the way they cut it and
the way it looks but this Focaccia looks
really really good I like the artistic
way they cut it and the way it's baked
it's got some nice garlic and herbs
baked right into the crust and I'm
guessing this is like a spicy olive oil
that accompanies it let's give it a try
[Music]
oh wow
wow I gotta say that's some pretty good
Focaccia the best part especially is
this part on Top this charge baked
garlic and herbs on top the bottom half
tastes nice and spongy like a decently
good baked bread but this top part is
just so salty and garlicky and Herby
it's just amazing I kind of just almost
want to eat the tops like have you guys
seen that Seinfeld episode where I think
it was George who proposed a startup
where you only sell muffin tops they
should only sell the top of the focaccia
although I think that was not the right
move when you only eat the top it's a
little bit too buttery a little bit too
intense in flavor I guess you really
really do need to pair it with the bread
on the bottom let's try it with the
olive oil why don't we
hmm
you know actually that's not olive oil
at all it's some sort of like a pepper
sauce water it tastes nice but to be
honest I kind of prefer the Focaccia on
its own it's good though maybe you'll
like it
I will say though it's a little bit
chilly being outside I'm not sure if
sitting outside was the right call they
do have these heat lamps but it's not
really positioned directly above me so
let's warm up why don't we Sorry New
Yorkers ride or die all right spaghetti
next hello
thank you and look once I put my jacket
on the spaghetti arrived so let's take a
quick look now I would wager that anyone
in the Western Hemisphere and Europe
maybe even most people in the world have
had spaghetti at some point but when you
think spaghetti you usually think of
like a red spaghetti right and if we
indeed were able to go to carbon that's
probably what we would have gotten but
the server really hyped up this
spaghetti here at this place this is
more of a white spaghetti using ramp
which is kind of like leaks reviews say
that this spaghetti is out of this world
and what's interesting is this whole
thing is completely vegetarian not sure
if it's vegan but I believe it is meat
free all right let's give it a try
I've never been the best spaghetti
twirler so don't judge me if I kind of
go to town on this Asian noodle Style
oh wow let's see more of this before it
gets cold
[Music]
honestly I gotta say maybe I'm just not
in the know I've never been to Italy
I've only had Italian food in the
Western Hemisphere but I don't think
I've ever had a pasta dish like this in
my whole life so I will admit that when
I looked at it when I first got it I
didn't necessarily think too much of it
you know it kind of looks like a bunch
of plain noodles there's no Meats it's
just leeks and some bread crumbs on top
but actually let me try to find some
better lighting there is a decent amount
of sauce on the bottom as you can see
there is a decent amount of sauce and
the sauce was actually already evenly
coating all the noodles so the noodles
were actually covered in sauce but it
was so subtle that you couldn't really
see it like it wasn't like your typical
Italian restaurant like your fettuccine
alfredo just basically doused in like
cream and butter it was like really
gently covering every single pasta every
single Noodle and the ramp which the
server said is kind of like leaks he
said these are in season which is why
they had these on the menu right now
really really great great leek flavor it
really just tastes like a very leek dish
the joke I made earlier I'm gonna
recycle it it really ramped up the
spaghetti leeks the garlic butter sauce
over the noodles excellent these bread
crumbs they just add like a completely
different dimension really really add
like that necessary crunch so that you
don't feel like you're just eating like
some buttered plain noodles no matter
how good nobody wants to just only eat a
plate of noodles but the bread crumbs
just really add like a whole another
dimension texture wise I know it might
be hard to believe because you know I
know my camera is not really showing it
properly I know like it doesn't really
look all that great based on the
lighting and based on my camera but
you're gonna have to take my word for it
it tastes excellent
and this Pasta Too perfectly Al Dente
like they just hit like the perfect
doneness level for the pasta
it's got that perfect chew that perfect
texture the only thing is for the
highest rated Italian restaurant in New
York City I'm not sure if this is a
homemade pasta it doesn't really strike
me as homemade pasta like it doesn't
quite have that heterogeneity it kind of
looks like it's you know dry pasta
rehydrated but don't let that turn you
off the flavors are just it incredible
who knew that something that looks so
simple would just taste so complex and
so good like you're looking at spaghetti
and you know your first instinct might
be spaghetti come on I can make that at
home just pour some pre-made Ragu Sauce
on top of some noodles but trust me
you've never had spaghetti like this
just look I absolutely cleaned the plate
with this let's even mop up these
breadcrumbs I don't wait
um
moment too soon dessert has arrived now
there might have been not quite a
consensus on line for which of the main
courses were the best but for dessert
this olive oil cake was pretty much
unanimous let's see if I can contribute
to that unanimity
foreign
I mean the cake is good you know I'm not
gonna say it's not good it definitely
tastes like a solid cake after eating
that spaghetti I will say that the cake
was a little bit underwhelming maybe the
spaghetti was just so good my
expectations were too high for the cake
I would say the cake is a little bit dry
a little bit powdery not quite as moist
as I would like for a cake so let's try
mixing some of the ingredients I feel
like these are supposed to go together
hmm
oh oh that creme fraiche is really
really good
I almost feel like the creme fraiche is
really the star of the show I feel like
the cake is very like Bland and very dry
and a little dry a little Bland and I
feel like it's almost like a perfect
Blank Slate to eat this creme fresh with
eating the creme fresh on its own a
little bit too rich usually you would
think that the cake is the star and the
cream complements the cake I feel like
it's almost the opposite here the cream
is the star and the cake is just like
you know some cardboard they give you to
eat it with this is like a raisin
marmalade I think he said let's try this
um that's pretty nice and I don't
usually like raisins but that tastes
really really good it's almost like
eating candy it almost reminds me of
like a Jolly Rancher or Sour Patch Kids
with only the gummy and a little bit of
the sourness inside that's really tasty
let's see if we can get a perfect bite a
little bit of cake a little bit of creme
fraiche and some raisin marmalade this
looks like the perfect bite
wow oh wow let's take a second perfect
bite let's see if we can take a perfect
dirt bite
um
wow wow when you combine everything
together it's just perfect I started out
with the cake I was like the cake is
kind of dry then I went with the cream
the cream was good the reason marmalade
was good but then once you start
combining flavors it just elevates
everything I kind of take back what I
said about the cake you don't want the
cake to be too intense because you want
everything to work in harmony I totally
get it now I apologize for the error of
my ways but yeah anyways uh we need to
hit the road I'm gonna finish knocking
out this cake now but yeah I think we
have enough now to reach a conclusion
you might say you know we came here for
this video to eat at the highest rated
Italian restaurant in New York City
based upon rating and based upon volume
of comments just purely based upon
ratings not based upon cloud or
reputation or anything and I gotta say I
came in here with really high
expectations best reviewed Italian
restaurant in New York City like how
could my expectations not be high I
gotta say everything I ordered just
knocked it out of the park the Focaccia
was buggery and delicious and gar
garlicky and grade that spaghetti oh I
gotta come back ASAP and eat that
spaghetti again and that dessert I
started out thinking okay you know it's
a little dry it's a little mid but uh
once you eat it the right way probably
one of the top 10 maybe even top five
desserts I've ever had but anyways uh
we're gonna finish knocking out this
cake and taking more perfect bites until
there's none left and then we need to
hit the road but thank you so much for
watching now of course New York is a big
city and there's tons of great eats tons
of places well known and under the radar
so let me know in the comments which
restaurant you think is the best Italian
restaurant in New York cause great minds
eat alike if you like my videos make
sure you like And subscribe that way you
stay up to date whenever I post another
video
until next time I'll see you later
[Music]