hi everyone welcome to vegan explorers
I'm Charlotte and I travel the world
with my husband Corey in this Vlog we're
in the beautiful city of Budapest and
we're going to share with you some of
the best places to eat as a vegan
okay massive signs of vegan so actually
having a quick Google it looks like
there's not really many issues finally
your third year there's plenty of
options which is really nice but we also
want to try and have some of like the
more traditional maybe Buddhism
Hungarian food if you can find a vegan
option too but for now we'll go here
well the bar staff here have recommended
this our Bay Bridge is a surprise a
traditional Hungarian lager
tastes like beer to me we have gone for
a couple of dishes here they're not
actually massive but they are hopefully
tasty and I've gone for a brush of roast
which is a traditional Hungarian dish it
is their take on meat and veg and
instead of meat I've got vegan nugget
Charlotte has gone for a shepherd's pie
and there's a side salad as well so
let's tuck in and see how it tastes
[Music]
that's it's yummy it's very yummy I've
got potatoes in there and some yeah
vegan meat uh the flavors are very like
homely kind of like rich tomatoey
flavors I guess
but yeah
I can eat that every day
very yummy but
they're doing meal dishes but
these aren't gonna fill it up so they're
late lunch we're still going to have
dinner so that's okay so Cory wasn't
full and he wanted more food we've
ordered okay I'm getting quite full now
because I nearly finished this dish it
was a little small but it's quite
filling but we've gone for a selection
of dips with some pitted avocados
Thunder enchilada soup and what's that a
eggplant dip maybe yeah eggplant dip
yeah so why not just stuff our faces
the eggplant one is quite spicy but the
sun-dried tomato is beautiful and the
avocado is just a classic avocado
guacamole kind of a dip
very good
[Music]
first impressions of the prize
now if you're looking for a nice brunch
location I recommend this Cafe it's got
loads of smoothie bowls and a few vegan
dishes it's also located on the Buddhist
side of Budapest so if you're going to
go spend the day across the river
definitely add this one to itinerary
foreign
we're going to go into New York Cafe now
this Cafe is special because it is
consistently voted the best cafe in the
entire world it's supposed to be
absolutely beautiful so our expectations
are up here
[Music]
so this place has absolutely lived up to
expectations it is so stunning inside
here we have both ordered some potato
soup and employees gone for a coffee and
I've gone for a new lemonade that is
live music that seems to be like
um people just going around different
sections and cafes playing some
instruments so behind us there's a man
on the piano just playing live music
it's just such a nice atmosphere then
it's a built for that there was like a
violinist and he was singing with the
crowd but yeah this place is very
magical well that food was so tasty it
was um truffle with a potato in a suit
and they had a little tiny diced
potatoes in there super tasty so it
feels very nice but the drinks a little
disappointing I went for the New York
lemonade
but it's just orange juice there's some
fruit in there I'm supposed to be like
elderflower limes I mean there is sliced
lime but it just tastes like orange
juice that's going to be watery ice
cubes and Cory's coffee was a bit was it
like a Barista Coffee it was quite
bitter my nine Euro orange juice but
we're here for the experienced an
experience here is yeah very very nice
[Music]
this is the other main shopping area of
Budapest this is actually called fashion
Street just over there and here you have
all of your High Street stores they've
got a lot of restaurants with Alfresco
dining and we're going to look for
somewhere to have dinner tonight I think
here in this nice Square baby I know
let's go check out the prices we've been
going to a lot of our piano stores
around Europe because we know they do
yummy Italian food and they have vegan
options and usually pretty affordable we
actually go to them a lot and the
cheapest was in little most expensive in
jerk we didn't go there it was like
double the price we're like no so yeah
we'll go check out the prices here okay
we've gone for pasta again oh my god
I've had this so badly lately and I know
it's all this pasta but I will
um yeah and it was super cheap very
cheap dinner just over 10 euros for
everything
so I keep going past this store gelato
Rosa and every time I go past it I see
people with amazing like ice creams and
I keep thinking I need to go try one and
I've Just Seen they have a lot of vegan
options so we're gonna go in we're gonna
go get one yummy
we've got vegan coconut vegan hazelnut
chocolate and mango
I think the pink ones like the
strawberry or Berry ones look prettier
but I love mango sorbet
[Music]
we have come to and Jesse Avenue today
for lunch and we have come to a Thai
restaurant I've got a nice noodle soup
of course going for a noodle with it
it's really lovely here it just seems
like a very nice and a relaxed
atmosphere around here it's a Thai hotel
next week too which seems pretty nice
and yeah it seems really lovely the Sun
is up
[Music]
we're a little bit peckish so we're
gonna go and try some traditional
Hungarian foods from street food and
it's called langosh
[Music]
very popular spot here I think this is
one of the recommended spots to try some
of this traditional it's like a fried
bread
um it looks really tasty it's actually
quite big we have got one with vegan
sour cream and cheese and then we also
got one with just vegan cheese
just cheese one
um we'll see how this goes
it's like um Donuts that's it sweet
bread it's like that fried it smells
delish yeah I think that
was like Nutella and stuff would be so
naughty yeah there's so many options
that you can have for your toppings like
sweet and some Savory we don't have many
options obviously because we are eating
plant-based but I feel like if I wanted
a nice dessert I'd have this with the
Nutella or I would have this but maybe
like they had um like onions and some
like vegetables and some meat toppings
so yeah this is actually quite big and
it was very cheap aren't they
a couple of Euros each really
I'm gonna try get some cheese on it
I want to put cheese on this but I guess
it's popular
okay I've decided to roll mine now
because it's quite tricky to manage it's
like a fluffy pizza so I've gone for the
roll and it's working out a lot better I
think that this is probably something
you could share if you weren't too
hungry
um but if you really push it I reckon
you can finish one by yourself and I
think that's what we're going to do
today
[Applause]
foreign
this is like a specialty here it's a
really yummy street food I've actually
had a support in Prague I remember it
being really tasty
um this one is super hot and they put in
a plastic bag I kind of wish I didn't
use plastic but yeah it's fresh off the
heater we have cinnamon sugar and it's
actually the vegan the dough itself is
vegan and then depends on what toppings
you have and some of them actually have
it all filled so you can get like I've
seen like Oreo bouncy chocolate ice
cream all stuff in there but we're just
going for a classic sugar yeah
it's yummy it's like a little bit
crunchy on the outside
nice and doughy inside
and that wraps up our time in Budapest
leave a comment below if you plan on
visiting soon or if you like any other
tips of being vegan in Budapest
otherwise if you like this video please
like And subscribe and I'll see you on
the next adventure