we went to the worst rated restaurants
in our city and left positive reviews
the Only Rule was we couldn't lie my
family did tag along which was probably
a bad idea because my mom saw people
potentially doing drugs in the bathroom
of the Rainforest Cafe bathroom let's
just forget about that we start off by
going to this local restaurant called
IHOP I don't know why the reviews are so
bad I personally love IHOP this place
has 2 and a half Stars you may have
heard of it only has two not a half oh
not even a half I think it's probably
because of Lisa G picked up for a
homebound couple and my fault for not
checking the order but I didn't learn
that the vegetarian burrito was full of
chicken and bacon Lisa I am so sorry
that happened to you we're going to go
put this to the test and see if they
indeed give us a meat burrito if we
order a vegetarian one let's find out a
huge thank you to the right up for
sponsoring today's video I'm not trying
to be dramatic but I'm pretty sure that
I have the best secondhand haul and I
want to show you everything so let's get
started wonderful tripod we got going
here got this white short sleeve
bodysuit from abber cromie it was only
$30.99 on up and it's amazing quality
super thick not see-through I'm going to
wear this all the time this Free People
bodysuit this is my first bodysuit from
free people because they're just so
expensive but this one was only
$27.99 on thread up you're just not
going to find that at a traditional
thrift store I'm a thrifting Queen with
thread up on my own I'm just I'm just
lost I got this bodysuit from Princess
Polly fits like a bug in a rug fits like
a glove that's what I'm looking for
hello this bodysuit also makes me feel
kind of G yeah I got this one from
cottonon kind of feel like I'm a
superhero and this is my super suit I
feel like this is what Spider-Man would
feel like or something like okay classy
gal hello this is like an Ann Taylor
sweater vest next I got this little
athletic Romper from Princess Polly and
this jacket from abber cromie I could
keep going and going I mean I also got
these jeans from Madewell they didn't
quite fit me I'm not quite sure of my
sizes nowadays their return policy is
amazing so it's not a huge deal and the
best part is I've done a lot of the hard
work for you already I already went into
thread up and favored a bunch of items
that I know you guys would like I got
bodysuit athletic wear cute sweaters you
can shop it if you click the link in the
description and use my code to get 35%
off your first order so thank you so
much to threer for making shopping
secondhand so much easier truly is so
much better for your wallet the planet
and your wardrobe because you get some
really cute items thank you thread up if
you look at the menu it says new
impossible plant-based sausage power
combo but that's not a burrito in honor
of them Abby ordered the impossible
sausage and I got a regular burrito with
no meat first bite what do we
think the smell is off but the taste is
on that tastes like real sausage that's
crazy that that's actually not real
sausages plants Matt what did you just
say wait those are vegetarian eggs babe
all eggs are vegetarian you should have
finished your
college first bite of the
burrito want B my
egg wait for what eat it I love how they
put hash browns in that burrito also I
just want to emphasize how nice our
server was she was a sweetheart Mom how
was your food fluffy buttery good would
you describe that as fire it's flame
that's awesome thank you so good M oh
I'm not paying for yours we're paying
for everybody else's but not for yours
okay we also have this review from
Miguel it says worst service by far took
my daughter here on her birthday asked
for them to sing Happy Birthday and my
waiter says yes and no it never happened
I can't believe that happened to you
Miguel I am so
sorry oh excuse me this a weird question
do you guys sing Happy Birthday by
chance yeah we can do that okay sweet
it's my brother's birthday so that' be
awesome attention all I customers we
have a very special birthday
[Applause]
now yes thank
you
the server was very friendly and
attentive the vegetarian burito was in
fact vegetarian we loved everything we
ordered and took the rest to go the best
part was when they came to sing to my
brother-in-law to celebrate his 21st
birthday and even gave him a scoop of
celebratory ice cream with sprinkles I
have to say this was overall an
incredible dining experience let's go
the next worst rated restaurant in our
city was Rainforest Cafe you would have
thought that I told my parents that they
won tickets at the Super Bowl when I
told them we were going
here oh rainforest Let's Go Happy
Birthday Josh yes it's my birthday I
personally love Rainforest Cafe it
reminds me of Disney World I used to go
there when I was a kid the smell
honestly inside the establishment is
unbelievable I love it I got my favorite
stuffed animal as a kid from rainfor it
was a monkey and his name was swinger it
smells like we're back in Hawaii I bet
you they don't have the same monkey
anymore what happened what happened
something oh my gosh there's a freaking
cheetah up there but it seems like
Johnny B has a problem with the shrimp
tacos so sad went back to get the shrimp
tacos and it was completely uneatable
the replacement tasted not great not
sure why probably won't be back most
annoying is the manager giving a 20%
discount meal was not 20% awful it was
99% awful to be honest I don't know what
all that meant but it seems like Johnny
was pretty frustrated about the shrimp
tacos so let's go try them Teresa has
whipped out her flashlight on her phone
you need to get your eyes check Mom I
already had cataract surgery while we're
waiting for our food we decided it might
be fun to play the law machine you can
pay on your phone now no no way no way
no way no way are you kidding me wait we
just spent $5 on that yeah that's why I
think one time is a charm that's a
ripoff but you know it's not a ripoff
what the photo booth you can buy that
video for $3 no thanks wait that's
actually kind of funny buy it we got to
buy
it oh this was so exciting I love that
bookmarks if you care about your kids
and their mental well-being why in God's
name would would you ever take them to
this depressing sad excuse of a
restaurant do your family a favor and go
somewhere else that actually has a
decent kids SL adults menu and has an
atmosphere that's not some washed up
'90s fever
dream our food has arrived Matt is
currently in the restroom first Taco
let's go for
it that's honestly really good these
shrimp tacos might even be better than
the shrimp tacos Abby makes at home
sorry babe
then we have a one-star view from Susan
S I went to take my kids to eat there
and see the fish in the tanks there
wasn't any fish in the tanks this is so
disappointing they're gone I feel like a
good gauge of if a restaurant's nice or
not is the restrooms and let me tell you
my mom was pretty sure that she saw
people doing drugs in the bathroom what
happened in the bathroom mom the stall
next to me had two pairs of shoes that
were big like two adults were in there I
think it was drugs and then she said
they eventually like just ran out like
sprinted out of there and I was like are
you sure they weren't doing any like you
know crazy business in there and she's
like no I don't think they were like
making out or anything she was pretty
sure they were doing drugs Abby look up
look up I don't like that Abby let's
hear the review honey where do I begin I
walked into this Cafe wanting a lunch
and left with memories to last a
lifetime the '90s animatronics are
wildly lifelike my shrimp tacos were
tasty and my beans warm the wonderful
experience was perfectly documented by
the convenient photo booth in the gift
shop in the end there may not have been
fish in the tanks but there's nostalgia
in my heart oh my
God and the best part is they responded
to our review the manager Katie W said
thanks for taking the time to share your
feedback with us we hope to see you
again
[Music]
soon I actually love Rainforest Cafe
it's I wish I could go there every week
maybe I should maybe that needs to be
like a weekly date night spot I freaking
love it there okay we've got one more
place to go for our final restaurant we
wanted to really up the antie we went to
this place called Zips and let me tell
you guys people hate this place the
reviews are so brutal I mean I feel like
out of all the restaurants people seem
to be the angriest in the reviews for
Zips we have Kim first bad review I've
ever posted I've been a ref frequenter
of this location since it opened and
it's a shame that service has gotten so
bad there were even reviews about
cockroaches being seen inside the
restaurant how the fries were greasy and
how the guacamole did not have enough
salt Abby is taking
in is it anything special I told you a
little
okay so we added salt to the guacamole
and it's obviously fire now Mom can you
st busting guac is busting you can have
the Last Ship babe it's for you you're a
mom of two growing boys go
mama get it get it get it yay so
apparently the french fries are soggy
they could be a little crispy let's try
them they are soggy actually anybody see
any Roaches on their food RS any rats
okay excuse me hello okay well the
server just ran away from me started off
my meal with chips / guacamole / salsa
and was pleasantly surprised they allow
you to Salt it to your taste which was
very thoughtful the servings were
generous especially when it comes to the
fries that weren't crispy but they were
greasy and that's the way french fries
are supposed to be am I right not a
cockroach in sight also so I think this
place is a win five stars if I have
learned anything from doing this video
it's that you get what you're looking
for out of an experience if you're
looking for the bad you're going to have
have a bad experience Bing but if you're
looking for the positive you're going to
have a much greater experience go try a
horribly reviewed restaurant in your
city let us know in the comments how the
experience goes for you John is asleep
right now in the car and he couldn't
even pronounce our our merch website
correctly get your unplanned merch at
unplanned dcom Dad it's unplan
podcast.com and it's what's up dudes
thanks so much again to thread up for
sponsoring this video don't forget to
shop my secondhand favorites with my
link below and use code Abby in all caps
for an extra 35% off your first
[Music]
order