today we're going on a chicken tinder
bender let's talk about that
[Music]
good mythical morning welcome to the
season 15 finale
yes we're good yeah yeah you can clap
another season in the bag
now I mean baguette we're taking off for
a couple of weeks but we will be back on
June 3rd for a good mythical summer yeah
and that means we're gonna have
brand-new episodes throughout the summer
every Monday Wednesday Friday and every
Saturday instead of alt-tab we're gonna
be releasing new videos featuring
mythical chef Josh over summer and Plus
starting next week and all summer long
we're gonna be releasing exclusive
content every Thursday on mythical
society featuring mythical team members
lots of cool stuff over there so go
check it out at mythical society com
where you can join up yes today we gonna
eat a bunch of chicken tenders so that
makes it a very good day 10 dinners are
truly one of the world's greatest
engineering marvels of man chicken
teamwork all the fun of fried chicken
when none of the bones remind you that
it was once a clucking creature that's
why I majored in engineering we never
did anything with chicken though there's
quite a disappointment that's what I'm
doing this when do I get to make chicken
fingers but which chicken strip reaches
the tip of craftsmanship there's only
one way to find out it's time for
chickadee fingers the finger chicken
have a good sister which one will again
we're going to be blindly tasting six
rounds of fast food chicken fingers and
ranking them on a scale of 1 to 10 we're
gonna take the average of our two scores
to determine the best one okay but we're
also gonna be playing against each other
to see who can accurately finger the
chicken finger restaurant from which the
chicken finger originated and whoever
gets the most restaurants correctly will
assume the role of the masked finger the
tenders we're gonna be tasting our KFC
Popeyes Raising Cane's McDonald's
Church's Chicken and Carl's jr. all
right let's get ripping and do some
drive-thru chicken
what as you can see we can't and all the
chicken tenders will be brought to us on
the patent pending chicken finger
bringer thinger bring it in oh yeah
yeah yeah well I saw crocks a lot oh wow
very crunchy finger no chicken finger
god I never get chicken fingers oh
really no
sadly Bojangles is not in our repertoire
today it's so hard for us to get a hold
of it but I just wanted to give them a
shout out hmm the first thing the first
thing mmm first thing I'm thinking is uh
I should eat chicken fingers more that's
pretty good okay then what do you rate
it you really like it I like it but I
guess I don't love it I think it's is
too is going too hard with the crunchy
that's the the the outer fries crunch
huh yeah I think you can't have too much
crunch I'm so on a scale of am I going
scaling 105 or 110 wants it okay I'm
gonna give this
it tastes good though i'ma give it a 6
Oh I was you know I was thinking 6 I
mean I know I enjoyed it but I think
that you can do better chicken fingers I
know where this is from 100%
really you know oh yeah okay two one
chicken
church's finger remember when we used to
go to Pullen park I'd always swing by
the Church's Chicken before we go over
or
round to bring it in oh
okay
hmm this one it seems to be a more
honest cut of meat huh
yeah that first one was dishonest that's
what I was thinking the whole time I'm
saying it just like a stripper chicken
it's a stripper chicken that seems less
processed than the previous one I don't
disagree with that it's higher quality I
actually don't think it tastes and you
bring it back in because I I agree with
your assessment but I don't think it
tastes great
yeah
um I got to a juicy part Oh you liking
it better there's a juicy part in the
middle why didn't get a juicy part in
the middle is it like what like a gusher
yeah bring links gush your head so I got
gushing chicken fish on the gusher in
the middle you got to go deeper
you know I'm talking about needle oh
gosh I didn't get a gosh man ah wrong
chicken um that's an honest gushy
chicken
but I feel like they could have done
more there that I think they're trying
to let the chickens sing a little too
yes yep and it's just clucking uh
okay I've got a little bit of a shot in
the dark here what's it what's your
rating though I'll give it a four I gave
it a five okay I know where this is from
- okay really yeah - one rail our junior
never been to raising kids that's why I
said it cuz I've never been there round
three great I want to tell you
regardless of what the outcome I'm
having a great time oh yeah I mean you
never see contenders we're living the
freakin dream we're having people bring
us tenders like it I'll stick so I don't
know what it looks like I don't even
seen it that is a beautiful thing first
great miss Locklear said okay class you
two guys in the back
you're gonna make a living eating
tenders on the internet I would be like
what's a tender I'd be like what's the
internet
I'm bringing in oh
that was a pointy one
hmm
there's a little something in this
there's a good piece of sugar something
this batter just good Oh bear friend oh
that's good bring it back what is this
hmm
that is tasty I
hear some weird noises over there what's
happening I stole the tinder you took
the whole thing you like it that much
oh man you gonna give it a 10 no you
don't give it a 9
that's worse you gonna give it an 8
or are you going with a 7 I'm gonna give
it a 9 I think it is a great chicken
tender and I don't think I've ever
tasted it before um oh that's not like I
I'm gonna give it a 9 - it was really
good ok ready I guess and I don't yes ok
3 2 1 KF ha eyes it might be Popeyes it
feels like a place that's dedicated to
chicken in taste 11 herbs I thought I
tasted at least 10
bar okay tenderize us
hmm okay well
that's crunchy man yeah that can do some
damage you could like put that on the
tip of a spear and use it as an abrasive
hmm it has a familiar taste
look you salty I think it tastes pretty
good it's good though I mean all of them
have tasted good the meat itself is very
tender
um man I've had this before I don't
think KFC is that crunchy I associate
KFC with more of a softness yeah as well
as the herbs and spices that is that's a
good has a good tender though um I've
had this before I'm gonna give it a 6 I
really like this I'm gonna give it an 8
okay I got my guess is this from
3-2-1
McDonald's oh you can't be McDonald's
by Love Me Tender
hmm
this one very unique taste almost same I
would say is almost like a burnt taste I
mean the in the flour a little dry yeah
this is very honest I'm not loving this
uh chicken dinner no I'm not loving it
yeah maybe it is because that's what I'm
thinking oh yeah
I'm gonna give this one this is the my
least favorite I've had so far I'm gonna
give it a five I'm gonna give it a four
it's a little dense and it's a little I
don't know I don't like the way this is
all working together tastes a little
processed to me it's just it's just got
a burnt taste period I mean that's the
problem but period I'm done how gosh
what am I gonna do ready yeah three two
one make McDonald's
what we agree yeah we do round six last
one the final finger
okay
it's a flatter one this one is much more
honest than most of the others as well
yeah this is honest I need some more
hmm I don't love it I don't hate it I
kind of
hmm I kind of 6 it let me have another
little nibble come on now come on I
actually am fond of this one I'm like 8
fond of this one I like it I like the
honest in this initial and there's a
pepperiness in the the batter they're
not trying to overdo it too much
yeah it seems like high quality chicken
I'm gonna give it eight oh wow and eight
yeah all right I'm ready to guess okay
three two one Carl's jr. oh we agree
listen remove the masks come back into
the real world where people don't feed
your chicken fingers just because you
open your mouth and
let's find out what you already know
guys oh my I'm really proud of you today
oh yeah you showed up ah Oh mm-hmm link
you got
to correct oh it's pretty good that's
pretty good yeah correct you got
hit gender what does it call the master
oh my gosh oh and also I thought it on
we learned a lot today because I did
give me the best chicken finger you
earned it Witter to you was from Carl's
jr. and was that the last one or no no
that was that one that we were both gave
in Nam oh yeah you know what why do a
good chicken
put it on man come on this is freaking
this is not a prize you earned it sing
us a song Rhett oh gosh sing us out raw
chicken oh my goodness oh it stinks so
bad why is the surprise sing something
man I'm the winner make it better I
smell like a santur
Thank You Val I can come in subscribing
you know what time it is
[Music]
in Asheville North Carolina and it's
time to spin the wheel of mythicality
there's more hot chicken out there I
gotta try it off yeah you click the top
link to watch this play chicken finger
football and good mythical more hey need
to find out where the willamette the
calendars gonna land show the love for
the shows you love with this mythical
mug set available now at mythical dot
store rep you boys