[Music]
what's up guys today i have another
compilation style video for you this
time from japan undoubtedly one of the
greatest food destinations in the entire
world japan is one country that i have
missed dearly since the beginning of the
pandemic so in this episode i'm going to
take you to try 31 of the top foods you
must try on your next trip to
japan okay our next snack today is a
grilled scallop it looks absolutely
delicious they are grilling these right
over charcoal and they put a little slab
of butter in and some salt and pepper
and a little bit of soy sauce as well
you can see it's kind of just
bathing in its own juices there so we've
got the the meaty parts of the scallop
here and then also other part of the
scalp so let me try one of these meaty
parts by itself here first
it is extremely tender it's a little bit
salty and a little bit of spice from
that pepper too but really you can taste
that butter that butter is what's
comprising all that juice here almost
finished with our scallop it is just
completely soaking in that butter soy
sauce juice mixture we've only got this
piece here and
the meat from the middle so i'm gonna
eat both those together and then chase
that with some of the juice let's try
that kind of salty buttery and delicious
wow
hey
[Music]
so we just watched the show that was
amazing they're so fast and this is a
special type of mochi it's green but not
because of matcha i think it's
maybe he has something called mugwort or
something i can't remember i'm gonna try
it
filled with fresh red beans and still
warm from them pounding it's really good
[Music]
oh
so you can see that it's paper paper
thin i've never seen sashimi slice so
thin i can barely pick it up with my
chopsticks
and there we have it i'm gonna actually
take one of these green onions
and maybe kind of wrap it up and then we
also have a ponzu sauce here that i'll
dip it in there's a couple things in
here some chili and some daikon radish
and let's try the infamous
fubu sashimi
the meat has a very interesting texture
to it it's got a lean almost crunch to
it but at the same time because it's
thinly sliced so thinly sliced it's very
easy to chew so you can taste that
texture or feel that texture the flavor
slightly sweet i think i have to try one
with less of the ponzu sauce so let me
go in and try one of the
overnight rehydrated pieces look how
thin that is just this very tiny dip of
the ponzu this time
so i can taste that natural flavor
[Music]
[Music]
foreign
[Music]
he recommended i put a piece of garlic
on top and a little bit
of salt and pepper right there
so let's just try that without sauce by
itself first here
[Music]
it's extremely juicy
it has a really
amazing natural beef flavor
extremely aromatic wow
and super tender tender is an
understatement oh man
that's better than i expected
the reason you come to this izakaya is
for this dish here this is their most
famous most popular dish and seriously
one of the most interesting things i've
ever seen prepared so this is broiled
tuna so he is blow torching this with a
flame thrower you could say and he is
cooking these massive chunks of tuna and
then tops them with chives and he is
grabbing them with his bare hand and
dunking his hand in cold water and
flipping these it is one of the most
incredible feats of cooking i have ever
seen in my life and it smells so good so
smoky there's smoke filling the entire
izakaya well pouring it onto the street
i guess i should say but let's try this
i've been waiting so long to try this
dish
oh my gosh
wow it's like beef
it's like the kobe beef we ate the other
day it is ridiculously tender so
ridiculously smoky too and really nice
with those chives they give it kind of a
fresh touch but wow you can taste just
like pure smoke and that is big chunks
of tuna cheek wow incredible
today's episode is sponsored by baksu
this is an awesome curated japanese
snack box sent straight from japan to
your doorstep and it's packed full of
unique japanese treats that you can try
with your friends and family boxu even
works exclusively with japanese candy
makers that have been in business for
over a hundred plus years to bring you
some really unique candies and japanese
treats it's just a lot of fun to break
open your bok su and see what this
month's box has to offer there's always
all kinds of different flavors and
snacks you can try inside and one of my
favorite thing about japanese candies or
treats is the packaging it's always so
kawaii cute really unique packaging this
is a ho coco pastry called manju it's
stuffed with purple yam and it comes
from tokyo let's try it
oh wow that's soft
whoa look at that color
[Music]
there are so many different things
inside the baksu like this ume shiso
flavored rice crackers so pickled plum
and perilla leaf flavored rice crackers
or these spicy heart-shaped senbei for
the valentine's day special boxu or this
is really cool this onpan from a place
in hokkaido called honma which has been
selling these anpans for over a hundred
years like i said it's just a lot of fun
every month it's changing full of unique
japanese snacks that you can share with
your friends and family you can use my
code chopstick travel 10 and my link to
get 10 off your japanese snack box
subscription from boxu and you can start
your snack journey across japan at home
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
so
[Music]
so we bought our sashimi downstairs and
we actually bought another fish to get
deep fried and then we also ordered up
another dish but just check out the
sashimi here this is absolutely
incredible so they serve it to you in
this boat you can see it's like this
plastic kind of boat we've got this is a
snub-nosed parrot fish with sashimi just
raw and then i love the presentation
that they have it set up here kind of
stylishly i'm going to try the sashimi
the parrotfish sashimi which is also a
specialty here in okinawa this beautiful
blue and orange and vibrant colored fish
uh absolutely raw so actually let me
just grab a piece of wasabi here grab a
little bit of wasabi
oh
grab my sashimi
a little bit of soy sauce
let's try that my first bite this time
of sashimi in japan
wow
it has amazing texture it's soft but
it's kind of firm at the same time the
skin part or the exterior of the fish is
quite firm but the flesh is very soft
we've got our breakfast today and that
is this here we've got a onigiri which
is a rice ball but this is a very
special type of onigiri we waited at a
very popular shop for about 30 minutes
or so and they are just making tons of
these so in okinawa there's actually a
us military base kadena air base and
there is something like 20 000 americans
stationed there so there's a pretty big
american influence here in okinawa and
you can actually see that in some of its
food including this onigiri here so if
you look here you can actually see
there's a fat piece of spam on the
inside of this so it's very simple it's
just spam a kind of omelette egg
scrambled egg and then wrapped up in
some rice and some seaweed on the
outside it's gonna be my first time
trying it's almost like a kind of
hamburger
wow oh wow
that's really good that is surprisingly
delicious the spam is actually really
good it's nice and salty and it kind of
helps contrast all that heavy rice and
the egg it's very simple but it's
actually full of flavor it's quite
hearty with all those ingredients in
there that egg that big slab of spam and
then tons of rice but honestly i was a
little bit deterred at first because
there's spam in it and i'm not a big
spam fan but it's really good just gives
it the saltiness that it really needs
we have our takoyaki and what it is is
something that is extremely famous here
in osaka and it's sort of like a octopus
batter ball so first they fill this
special kind of skillet filled with
batter and then they put a big chunk of
octopus in the middle of the batter and
then form that batter into a ball very
skillfully and it's really kind of
mesmerizing to watch them make it and
then this kind is topped with all
different sorts of things so we've got
some brown sauce and also a mayonnaise
and tons of green onions and also these
bonito flakes which kind of look like
they're moving or they're alive but
they're actually just little thin slices
of dried fish so let's try one of these
out you can see it's almost just like a
little bag because it's barely cooked uh
on the inside just on the outside crispy
but then the whole inside is like liquid
and there's a chunk of octopus so let's
try one of these out i hope i don't burn
myself
[Music]
so the batter as i mentioned is very
undercooked on the inside it's still
really creamy and there's a nice firm
chunk of sort of chewy octopus on the
inside i really love the octopus it's
kind of tangy from the mayonnaise and
the sauce that they put on the top and a
little hint of green onion those are
super addicting
okay we have our ramen we are inside the
restaurant this just smells absolutely
incredible and the tonkatsu ramen here
in fukuoka was created here in fukuoka
and it's characterized by a very thick
creamy broth so the restaurant did
actually have an english menu in it
recommend you just try the broth and the
noodles before adding anything else so
just check out this bowl here it's
absolutely beautiful we ordered up the
chashu roast pork version so lots of
pieces of pork around the outside a
couple little green onions and then some
wood ear mushrooms so just check that
out look at how creamy that broth is wow
okay let me try the brother
wow
wow that is extremely creamy it's like
milk almost
very very very thick and there's a very
thin layer of oil on the top as well
let's try these noodles next
they're soft on the outside but very
firm on the inside and they do an
amazing job at retaining the broth on
the outside the broth is where the
flavor is coming from here that is
boiled for countless hours
okay we just waited at a stall that's
selling some fresh oysters and also uni
um sea urchin but we ordered up two of
the medium sized oysters the guy is
shucking the oysters up fresh right out
front
oh
i suppose these are medium size even
though they look absolutely massive to
me i'm gonna start with some of this
lemon juice here try not to put too much
oh that might have been a little bit too
much that's okay and also
tabasco be a little bit generous with
tabasco
and i don't know this may or may not be
a one biter yeah let's try to say this
just looks so so good
all right
that was extremely fresh and delicious
certainly a big one biter but it has
just such an amazing kind of natural
ocean flavor and then very sour from
that lemon juice and a little bit spicy
and acidic from the tabasco sauce i put
on wow that was an incredible single
bite
[Music]
we are sitting down now in the okonomo
yaki restaurant and this place is called
bukutero it's super cool we had to wait
in a little bit of a line just put your
name down when you first get here and we
are sitting by our side and they're
going to serve our okonomiyaki which is
a savory japanese pancake
so we ordered the pork kind and this is
just kind of looks like a sloppy mess
but it really smells incredible so there
is an egg in there tons of bean sprouts
tons of cabbage and then a little bit of
batter as well and then it's topped with
a sweet kind of like a worcestershire
sauce and then tons of mayonnaise you
can see squiggled on there and then also
some shredded seaweed flakes so let me
kind of break this up with the spatula
here
sometimes people refer to it as a
japanese pizza the way that you have to
eat it kind of cutting it into these
triangles but it smells just so
aromatic and delicious so there i've
broken off a piece so let's grab this
piece right here
and try that
oh that is phenomenal there is a lot of
sauce going on there so it's a little
bit sweet from that dark sauce but a
little bit kind of tangy from the
mayonnaise
you can taste the seaweed flakes coming
through as well and i got a little piece
of pork in there but overall the texture
is very kind of sloppy it's really
interesting it's almost like a stew that
you've fried into a salad it's really
interesting but delicious and super
addicting
[Music]
um
[Music]
[Music]
next up was the grilled unagi so after
the charcoal was done heating up he used
this really red-hot looking charcoal to
grill the unagi very smoky and you can
actually see the eel shrinking in size
it's on a couple little skewers to allow
him to keep flipping it but maybe he
only grilled it for six or seven minutes
and then it's put into a steamer for
about 10 to 15 minutes depending on the
thickness and the size of the heel
[Music]
let me try this eel
[Music]
there's just like butter it just melts
in your mouth
okay we've ordered up our soba as you
just saw from the vending machine and
she made it up this is such a cool stall
right on the side of the road and check
this bowl of soba out so sometimes soba
will refer to the buckwheat noodles here
in okinawa okinawan soba is not
buckwheat noodles it's just a regular
wheat noodle almost thicker like a udon
not quite but a little bit thicker than
soba i got the san maniku soba which is
the braised pork belly so you can see
those huge slabs of pork belly and i
believe these are some sort of a fish
cake and then just topped with some
green onions and it looks absolutely
beautiful so let's dig in
next up i'm going to try a piece of pork
belly check that out that is an absolute
massive slab of breezed pork let's try
that
very light flavor again just porky it's
almost a little bit like sweet almost
kind of honey flavor to it we have uh
overflowing rolls of tons of uni sea
urchin and that is just gonna be one of
the most beautiful things i've ever seen
i think there's some sushi rolls
underneath there but i can't even really
tell so let me try to grab this without
destroying it too much here okay there
we go oh
oh yeah
those are sticking together pretty good
oh i'm losing my uni okay let's try it
like that
oh that is really good actually
oh man
that might be the best uni i've ever had
wow describing uni as creamy is such an
understatement it is so
so smooth and it's really rich sometimes
it's salty but this time it's not so
salty and sometimes you kind of get a
little bit of a metallic taste which i
can taste a little bit here but not as
much as some of the ones i've had before
that is some seriously fresh
uni sea urchin high ball has come
whiskey and soda water wilkinson soda
water
let's make this up
pour our soda water in there
i don't know exactly what kind of
whiskey they're using
probably centauri
whiskey
and cheers
oh yeah
that's a little bit strong we usually
get the ginger ale or lemon high ball
but they just had straight high ball
that's really good though and uh good
way to cool off it's very hot here in
okinawa we're in the covered
shopping arcade but the izakaya is sort
of set back in an alley
and i love these style bars here in
japan
we are sitting down now at the sushi
sashimi shop we ordered up some ottoro
which is the belly of the tuna this tuna
presumably you can see that i'm sitting
right next to which is really really
cool a unique feature about this shop
and just check out this tuna that looks
absolutely beautiful so this is the
fattiest version that you can get i'm
just gonna move this little flower and
i'm gonna try this piece
okay that literally took less than five
seconds to completely liquefy in my
mouth it is so oily and fatty that just
the heat from inside your mouth
completely disintegrates it that is some
high quality sushi wow
look at the layers of fat on there and
that is a thick cut i actually prefer
when the sushi is not super uniformly
cut this is kind of just whatever cut
and it is really really delicious
so last piece big big piece of sushi
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
i know i've mentioned a lot of famous
products from okinawa like the bitter
melon goya or also the umi budo the sea
grapes but another very famous product
is their brown sugar so we've got two of
these famous donuts here with the brown
sugar flavor they look really good
they're big
kind of not donuts they don't have a
hole in the middle but they're like a
timbit from tim hortons in canada
but extra large so let's try this out
[Music]
oh man
oh that's wonderful
it's almost like spongy on the inside
it's very firm and kind of dense but at
the same time there's lots of pockets of
air it's not overly sweet i kind of
think it has a toffee flavor it's really
good the outside is crispy but the
inside is super spongy and delicious
this was only 60 cents or
60 yen so really really good price and
really really good donut
oh man
[Music]
so we are in the sake kind of dungeon
almost like a bunker and it's just
filled with sake bottles and you can do
a tasting down here so we've got three
bottles here this one is a dry kind this
is the traditional sake flavor this one
is aged 21 years
got the first one here this is the dry
kind from gifu
it's actually not as strong as i thought
it might be it's actually very smooth so
we have our second glass here this one
is from nikata and this is like the
traditional sake flavor
it has almost like a fruitiness to it
kind of smells almost like citrusy
yeah that's really good and then the
last one because of its aging it's got a
little bit of a kind of yellow brownish
tinge to it
oh that's nice too that one's a little
bit
kind of warm and it almost tastes like
woody
so we just picked up our first little
snack of the day they didn't have any of
the menchikatsu the meat cutlets
prepared yet but they did have this one
which is like a fish cake it looks like
there's some potatoes in there some
onions maybe some carrots and it's this
really cool little local shop they're
frying up all kinds of things in this
huge bat of oil and this is
hot and fresh out of the fryer so let me
give this a try
oh yeah
don't underestimate these things they
are packed with flavor it is definitely
a little bit oily and greasy for
breakfast but there's a sweetness from
that fish cake there's definitely some
sugar mixed into that fish cake batter
there's some crunchy bits in there
there's potatoes nice soft carrot oh man
that's actually really good and i love
the little bit hint of like onion flavor
in there too it's not actually very
crispy it's kind of soft almost like a
baked potato
[Applause]
[Music]
so we are at our next spot and we are
trying something that i love and that is
oden japanese hot pot so it is all the
ingredients are here and they are
simmering away in a stock of dashi which
is dried bonito flakes and dried kelp
and then some soy sauce some sake lots
of different ingredients it's actually a
secret recipe so we don't know exactly
but it smells amazing so we've ordered
up a couple different things and the
first that i have here is this and that
is the daikon radish a massive piece of
daikon radish and it is not very easy to
find good oden in tokyo or oden at all
so i'm going to try this out and it just
smells incredible
[Music]
oh that is so soft
it's almost like a like a baked potato
that is ridiculously soft and it has
soaked up all that broth phenomenally
it's a little bit you can taste like
some soy soy sauce saltiness
and a little bit kind of of that dried
bonito fishiness too oh man that is
awesome
we're at a restaurant right now called
jinin sushi and we are the first ones in
line so we're the first ones here
sitting counter we are here to try their
famous eel butter let's try that out and
it's wrapped in a little piece of
seaweed that's gotta be the coolest
looking piece of sushi i've ever seen
it honestly tastes like when you roast a
marshmallow on a bonfire and then that
butter just soaks in to that eel and
completely disintegrates in your mouth
the the butter is melting so i have to
eat my second piece now
[Music]
okay
so we have our taiyaki the fish shaped
japanese pastry quite unique it's simple
though it's just stuffed with red bean
we got it from this really cool corner
shop here you can get red bean you can
get custard so we got red bean i think
that's the most traditional let me try
i'm gonna go for a little bit of the
tail and a little bit of the belly
[Music]
wow
there's a lot of red bean in there
that is super super crispy on the
outside
it's got a little smoky flavor that red
bean is sweet bean flavor
i actually like the tail part because
it's like a little cracker look at that
oh man
that's actually
a perfect little snack
our yakitori has arrived the grilled
skewers we have all the different parts
of the chicken check this out so the
first one here this one is my favorite
this is the minced chicken called
tsukune and it's kind of like a chicken
ball next up is chicken thigh this is
chicken skin this is thigh with leek
this is the chicken throat this one
chicken butt this one is chicken breast
wrapped in a shiso leaf with a little
bit of wasabi on top and then chicken
heart and it smells so smoky the room
started filling up with smoke as he was
finishing these up so let's dig into
this so i'm going to start with the
sukune i'm going to dip it in a little
bit of this mustard on the side
[Music]
that is extremely soft minced chicken
really smoky there's a little bit of a
sweet sauce on the outside wow
that is so soft and tender
i'm gonna save a little bit for spring
next up i'm going to try the chicken
throat i don't think i've ever tried
throat before but i've got a little bit
of chili powder on the side dip it in a
little bit of this
it's very cartilaginous
[Music]
so we are sitting down now we ordered
from a vending machine kind of touch
screen vending machine and they have a
couple different options we went with a
set menu it comes with a miso soup rice
and then the tempura dawn
i'm not exactly sure what's going to be
in it so he's frying them up fresh in
this huge vat once again of oil a little
greasy breakfast today but that's okay
so let's see what we get
so our tempura has arrived you can see
we've got a selection of different
things the first one here is this is
lotus root and the next one my all-time
favorite is just shrimp this one sweet
potato i think back here this is
maybe a piece of squid it's kind of hard
to identify hiding in back here i've got
a huge chunk of pumpkin and then also
one more underneath and that is a piece
of fish so i'm just going to go in right
away try out the sweet potato and it's
served with this amazing ponzu sauce
with grated daikon radish inside you can
see those kind of chunks of daikon
radish
and oh this is gonna be so good look at
that golden crispy skin let's give that
a try
oh
yum that is awesome
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
so we're sitting down in the whiskey bar
we're on the second floor here and the
bartender just created one of the most
interesting uh preparations of a drink
i've ever seen so first he actually took
this ice block and formed it using only
a knife in his hands into a perfect
sphere so it's like a perfect ball of
ice you can see so we've got whiskey on
the rocks this is a japanese whiskey
this is the bottle here the company's
name is nika and the distillery's name
is yuichi so it's a single malt whiskey
and we have it on the rock on the rock
only one let me try it
oh yeah it smells like really deep rich
[Music]
oh yeah
yeah it's like very smoky almost a
little bit
maybe like vanilla
oh yeah that is good and nice and cold
okay
okay
which is something i've never actually
tried so it's on these sticks and
they've been simmering in miso this is
beef tendon just simmering away in that
beautiful miso paste this looks really
good this is a specialty of
osaka so let me try this out first
[Music]
so the texture is really chewy very
gelatinous and then it's smothered in
that kind of creamy miso and it's
actually got a sweetness to it a little
bit of kind of fermented soybean flavor
but really it's all about that texture
nice and chewy
[Music]
so we have ordered our shaved ice check
this out here it is a small mountain of
ice and then we ordered the azuki bean
the red bean kind so you can see
underneath there those azuki beans are
hiding and let's just try this get some
ice this is another one of those little
mom-and-pop style shops here in okinawa
[Music]
oh that's nice that is not too sweet
whatsoever super cold refreshing those
beans are extremely soft they have them
soaking in big buckets back there
i guess that's to make them nice and
tender like they are oh man that's
awesome definitely not too sweet that is
just right and i couldn't picture
anything more
i would want today on a hot day in
okinawa
final thoughts well that was absolutely
delicious such a good way to cool off on
a hot day especially here in okinawa
where is super hot
i really love the concept of the vending
machine and that was absolutely
delicious i can't even finish it i'm so
cold
[Music]
our kushikatsu has arrived you can see
that golden crispy deep-fried batter so
we have all different kinds of things
let me try to remember what they all are
this first one here this is lotus root
next up is deep fried onion this one
here is just the norma kushikatsu which
is beef next up is cheese something
that's very sinfully delicious deep
fried cheese this is a chicken breast
and then this one is chicken thigh and
then last but not least we have shitake
mushrooms so the key here though is in
the sauce it's all about the sauce so on
every table you'll see that we have a
little kind of metal canister with ponzu
sauce which is a citrus-based sauce it's
very
kind of watered down and there's a
golden rule which is you can only dip
once so it is very inappropriate to dip
more than once that's why you also have
on your table a bit of cabbage leaves so
if you actually need to dip more than
once you just use the cabbage to scoop
the sauce and then pour it on your
kushikatsu so i'm gonna start with the
beef let's give it a quick dip in that
ponzu sauce get it nice and smothered
all right let's try
[Music]
wow
there is nothing healthy about that but
it is certainly delicious all right our
sashimi dawn or sashimi bowl has arrived
and this looks absolutely beautiful so
let me walk you through this bowl here
so we got the mango
the number one on their menu which is
the tuna cut it looks like kind of a
medium fatty not too lean piece
some cucumbers in there some pickled
cabbage nice chunk of wasabi there's a
shisho leaf under there some shredded
egg and shredded nori and then this is
the umi budo which is the
sea grapes famous okinawan sea grapes
which we tried yesterday
this looks absolutely beautiful so let's
dig in okay i'm gonna go for a piece of
sashimi here no wasabi
some rice some green onions egg seaweed
[Music]
oh so fresh wow that tuna has an amazing
texture super fresh super soft no chewy
bits whatsoever and those chives on top
have a really strong onion flavor that's
where most of the flavoring is coming
from but that tuna is just like butter
in my mouth so let me try
some of the umibudo the sea grapes here
these are awesome we tried them
yesterday
[Music]
oh man
it's like an explosion of flavor in your
mouth a little bit salty and a little
bit
almost seafoody too
thanks for watching the top 31 street
foods to try in japan leave a comment
down below and let me know what country
you'd like to see me do next and make
sure if you haven't already subscribed
hit the bell icon so you're notified and
i'll see you guys on the next episode of
chopstick travel bye