I know you guys recognize this this is
Hell's Kitchen Gordon Ramsay's brand new
restaurant let's see if it's smacks or
if it's for the trash come on
[Music]
wait a second I know this isn't taunting
me right now ah that must go walked off
screen all right so check this out on
the wall they have all the winners check
out the man himself in the corner back
there it's a picture but still exactly I
have a quick question sure I always
heard this thing about the pictures on
the walls of the people does that mean
like one of them works here
dear Christina and Michelle so there is
two that still work for Gordon Ramsay
out of this whole thing
got it there's the man of the hour wow
wow beautiful Russia
oh thank you we're here to review
Gordon's a new restaurant
okay sweet
you're about to see him come out he's
gonna yell at you for making a sandwich
round yeah
sweet thank you so first thing I got to
say about this place is they put it
together so nicely it feels very open it
feels inviting but at the same time
still feels like a luxurious restaurant
it looks really nice everyone in here
literally dresses as if they're in the
show I'm not sure if they are filming
the show at the same time that we're
filming this YouTube video but
regardless it is cool to say the least
hello hey how you doing
good good we're excited to be here
oh the red team in the blue team
so on one side of the restaurant they
got the red team and The Blue Team like
in the show that's cool I want to be on
the red team what's that okay I want to
be on the blue team then yeah I'll be on
a sparkling two blue teams okay thank
you like I said it is very much like the
show in here the server is playing as
well choose your team just little fun
Vibes reminds you of the show it's a
whole come around here you know you
watch the show you come here you're
going to start getting the references
and such really cool place so far I hope
the food is as good as the Ambiance I
will say this place is very inviting the
open floor plan all the countless wine
and alcohol rack look at the ceiling
whoa they're all pitchforks as his logo
for Hell's Kitchen and their lights I
want one of those those are custom light
sconces you guys that is pretty sick I
expecting the water to be blue not just
the bottle it's the blue team man
foreign
from that is thinking it all the way
through
them in the last Candle on the right
side is the prefix this is the signature
dish from Gordon Ramsay and this is what
he orders when he comes here yes
okay sweet
IE sure thank you so much have you seen
the napkins I'm taking this thing home
I'm gonna hang it over my sink and it's
gonna be for me to dry my hands every
day
okay so we just took a deep dive into
this menu and I'm not gonna lie now I
know why Gordon's so rich these things
ain't cheap okay so because this is
Gordon Ramsay's restaurant and because
this is his fixed menu we're gonna get
basically what he demands you get when
you come here so we're gonna choose this
right side of the menu right here and
we're gonna get his fix menu try his
beef wellington we're gonna try his
scalp we're gonna try his pudding and uh
we'll put it to the test this is what he
recommends you order when you come to
his shop wow I do want to point
something out real quick okay so I'm
looking at the backsplash of the kitchen
area and it's made to look like Flames
there's the red Flames for the red team
and blue flames for the blue team but
the closer you look the more you realize
that they're all individual like marble
pieces that are coming together to
create a giant image so the detail in
that is crazy so we're ready to order I
want to get the this prefix menu the
three courses without the wine no wine
pairing seared scallops please
it's gonna be my dinner okay no problem
good thank you very much
will do thank you
can we go in there yes oh
no wow amazing yeah we'd love to see it
thank you
thank you wow look how beautiful that is
you guys how each wine bottle is nicely
placed to look like art in here I mean
if you think about it that is the
biggest piece of art that they have in
this entire restaurant so that's pretty
crazy like that is their art piece but
hey once you're at a certain level wine
becomes ours I will say it is kind of
crazy that they chose this location
though is that the resort literally in
kind of near Escondido but not Escondido
literally in the middle of nowhere I
thought this was San Diego but it's like
in the mountains of San Diego very
interesting location but hey clearly
people are here starting to fill out
there's workers we're here yeah it's in
a casino in a casino that's usually how
most Gordon Ramsay restaurants are so
let's wait for the food to come but
before that maybe a bathroom review
let's go see what Gordon Ramsay's
restrooms look like come on
foreign
[Music]
yeah this is nice the details the
lighting the Black Mirror the ambience
what's over here oh no it's a mirror
nice bathroom 10-10 I like it all right
hopefully the food's here let's go first
things first an appetizer we have some
full Stones
I want to point one thing out before I
start eating gold Cutlery here we're
gonna use it so I think I'm just gonna
scoop up one of these get it in this
sauce
[Music]
mmm oh subtle but nice and tasty I will
say I would enjoy this a little bit more
if I had a little bit of squeeze of
lemon to throw on top but what I gotta
say is it's actually pretty tasty I
don't know what this sauce is right here
this white sauce
it's kind of sweet it's gorgeous yeah
it's a cream of some young Gordon is
what I could best describe it as other
than that classic good seared scallops
here we go
[Music]
it's really good yeah crispiness
obviously I'm gonna say like they know
what they're doing here all right off
camera I just tasted all this stuff and
I didn't realize just because I put it
all on top are you sure yeah well
there's not another one for you to try
so let us know I mean you just use it
all in one is that better oh yeah is
that more Gordon ramsay-ish well I've
never tried his dish now you tried his
sauce what'd you think pretty good but
this right here in front of me is the
beef wellington this is what got Gordon
Ramsay pretty famous like this is his
signature meal right here it honestly
doesn't look like much it's like we got
meat inside of bread and that's what
this Beef Wellington is I've never had
one in my entire life let alone one from
Hell's Kitchen so let's try it I also
want to point out this knife amazing
Jake already stole one it's in his
camera bag right now but anyways let's
try this okay so we're gonna get our cut
apart they did say they all come medium
rare So This Is How They come let's try
it Nice Slice down I'm gonna grab a
piece of this thread dip it in the sauce
get a little mashed potatoes here we go
Beef Wellington from Gordon Ramsay let's
try it
born and wow a definite mouthful to stay
the least but a whole array of flavor
this right here
it tastes like a barbecue ponzu very
interesting the meat's chewy it's
delicious it's got a lot of flavor to it
then you got this interesting layer of
what kind of seems to me like garlic
bread in a way let me taste the bread on
its own it's very salty to say the least
[Music]
wow very very salty bread around this
meat but for some reason it kind of goes
together very nicely like the saltiness
of the meat you love that when you're
eating a nice steak sprinkle salt on top
this time it's on the bread very
interesting to say the least this is
what got Gordon really famous it's
definitely interesting because it's not
like the best looking of meals but it's
definitely tasty so Gordon good on you
my man I like your Beef Wellington tasty
and for the final portion of our Gordon
Ramsay fixed menu here at Hell's Kitchen
we have this this is what they call a
pudding but to me it looks rather like a
inside of a cheeseburger so let's dig in
and let's see how good this is they said
it's Cafe de leche ice cream on top
which is some very delicious ice cream
but I want to see the texture of this
pudding oh okay so it's like a pudding
cake all right let's try this oh look at
this it's fall apart that's how good it
is here goes nothing
oh this has got to be the best part of
the whole meal let's try this again
oh I've never had pudding like that in
my life that's some good freaking
pudding imagine the best type of cake
you can imagine and imagine never having
to chew it or anything you just swallow
that's what it's like to eat this
pudding here at Hell's Kitchen super
good super fire but one thing I want to
point out about Gordon Ramsay in its
entirety is I don't think he is famous
for making his food look really good I
think he's famous for making his food
taste really good even though it doesn't
look that good because all this food
that came out didn't look that good but
it tasted pretty damn good you decide
was it worth 100 bucks let's get out of
here come on damn 130 bucks Jesus oh
okay first and last time at Gordon's
before we leave this video we want to
see what it's like inside here so come
here oh wow I gotta get a picture in
here yes oh my God it's a perfect little
chilled it's frozen meeting here guys
with thousands of bottles of wine man if
I just grabbed up and shook this right
now I would lose every dollar in my bank
account yeah but I don't know what are
they I don't know
they are so many there's a bunch of
expensive bottles in there this is thick
this is like the coolest art piece for
your house snag a photo of that
thank you thank you all right guys we'll
see you guys in the next one peace
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]