always
what do you want man there's your
kebabish burger oh thanks man can you
get the camera hey guys welcome to the
channel I'm in Birmingham Stratford Road
I'm hearing Lots about this place right
here you can see it there Aussies
they're doing the rounds on social media
they've got this really cool uh
character called angry Chef they're
super popular but what I'm here to do
really is actually to go inside and see
how the food is it's all good having
like a cool character but as a food
stacker because I feel like a lot of you
want to try this place because they're
getting the views I'm here to tell you
whether it's worth it or not a five-star
hygiene rating that's a good start guys
so I've sat inside I've actually sat at
the back they've got lots of seating
they've got some sitting at the front I
didn't realize you could walk all the
way around and come here and it's
stunning let me actually just show you
around a little bit so as you come in
you've got all these tables and we do
have booths here so I'm trying to not
get people in them because people are
sat in the booth so I'm trying to avoid
those people where you get to the back
is you walk straight through here
in this kind of little lobby area which
is nice man who goes this is Aussie's
nostril therapist couch there if you've
had a if you've had a bad day and then
I'm sat all the way back here this is a
cool bit where I'm at so I'm basically
sat here my brother there they've
actually literally just opened I've
tried to make sure they've come open
time thank you my bro uh on site here
that's you'll see the camera set up but
they've got plenty of seat in our back
so yeah we know the seating is good we
know the Ambiance is nice but how is the
actual food that's like the star of the
show really this kind of stuff only
matters when the food is good the food
isn't good Ambiance means nothing right
so let's start look at this menu what's
the best thing you have the one thing
that you said I want to get a few things
okay I'm gonna get a few things I'll be
honest bro what's the one you got you
know what that's what you've got to get
the main sellers here what I love is the
loaded caramel yeah so that's the
parmesan which has got kebabish on top
of it what we've done we put one dish
together I don't know I might do both I
don't know how is that do you do like a
box of bowler box I think a lot of
people are kind of tried to copy but the
water the Box originally is from Aussies
so it's like a platter of everything is
angry Chef around he's not around at the
mom but I think that's good for me
because I don't want to get shot with
that today you know what I mean
just have a soul to the menu
I'm really excited I don't I'm also I
like that it's kind of um I've just kind
of opening times it's empty so I've kind
of like walk around do my thing you know
so ah order lots of food I ordered what
the chef recommended them a couple of
small little bits as well you know why
not let's do that I want to give you
guys a really comprehensive view of this
also if you're new here make sure you
subscribe because I know 50 60 70 of you
don't don't subscribe subscribe to the
channel help me out guys look at this so
look how much food I have so this is the
grill platter lots of meat look at the
size of that chicken you've got chops
we've got Wings we've got strips this is
the Ballers book which looks phenomenal
I love these big plates by the way a
little little tangent there for you and
then that's the uh parmo burger what an
absolutely I don't know what to go for
first I think you know what
I I don't know why I always want to go
for sides like mozzarella sticks first I
shouldn't I shouldn't let's try
something proper I think I'm gonna go
for a lamb chop first it looks like
they've been grilled really well
oh flavor and the Charming is Sublime on
that that's so delicate it's a delicate
flavor it's seasoned like lightly you
know like it's not over seasoned
whatsoever a lot of places they kind of
drown chops or lower Quality Meat with
just spices that's really tasty let's
move on to the wings
oh before even going on to the burgers
and the Palmer burger and all that kind
of stuff one thing I can see these guys
know how to cook meat the wing and the
chop they are both getting a hey man
they are Divine they're cooked really
well and I think what's good is it's
quite brave for a restaurant when they
um don't drown in sauces and like herbs
and spices they quite lightly seasoned
actually but perfect and then this is
the strip okay so one thing I should say
I know on the box you get to pick two
flavors I've picked hot and then I
picked mango lime because I feel like
spicy than a sweet one
my mango lime is doing bits guys this is
a fantastic fantastic mixed grill where
I'm a happy boy I think for that price
point Aussies so far you are absolutely
smashing it but really because I tried
the Ballers boxes look at this
this is a chicken pie my burger I can't
wait to put my mouth around that look at
the size of this right this I alluded to
earlier this is the half chicken guys
this chicken at some point was on PDS
right because it's just no it's been in
the gym it's been working hard there's a
lot of meat going on if you're a gym guy
and uh maybe that's me you're gonna like
the amount of protein in this you're the
meat platter is is something special
honestly I was just going to kind of
intro with it kind of like a starter in
a way if you shared with your friends
and move on to the bonus box that's kind
of one of the key reasons why I'm here
but it's actually fantastic that's
absolutely beautiful you also get like a
load of Donna meat in there too we've
got chips without a big portion decent
portion of rice I think for two people
that is gonna absolutely fill you up
that is more than enough but we're gonna
do this because actually you know what
little change of plans guys we're gonna
try the chicken parmo because that looks
really good it's in a burger and I've
definitely never seen that before so
it's kind of like looking at me and I
had a certain Autumn head before I came
but I'm not gonna follow that order I'm
gonna go for what I want like how could
I not look at it it's a big piece of
fried chicken breast we've got some
cheese on it it looks like a it smells
like kind of like an Algerian saw I do
think they should put a little bit of
bechamel maybe oh no there is actually I
was gonna say you kind of need a little
bit that looks really good
that's absolutely fantastic
never did I think I would need parmesan
in a burger that is doing absolute
bits oh no tell me in the comments who's
had a part of my burger I've had
parmesan's before in Bradford number of
times but this is a phenomenal little
burger and I think you can actually add
it I feel like you can add it to the the
Ballers box and it's like an extra three
quid but I'm sure you can which is a
steal I'm gonna go for that now and in
the Ballers box I actually got a beef
burger you can get beef or chicken but
I'm sure you can add that for three quid
which actually do you know what let me
have the beef burger first and I'll tell
you whether you should add it or not I
don't want to say upgrade and then the
beef Burger's like phenomenal right so I
don't want to do that but I guess it's
hard to compare beef and chicken with
the boilers box you can get beef or
chicken well I did because I got the
palmo burger which is obviously fried
chicken I decided to get the beef in the
bowlers box I mean the burger these buns
are actually really nice but it's an odd
thing to fix say on right and I never
really do that so the fact that I am
doing that should tell you what I'm
thinking they're just really nice like
they've just got a good spring to them
you know like they've got Goods bigger
crisp to them
I had the um the homemade sauce or
certainly whatever sauce they're using
it's giving it a good flavor the beef is
cooked well
I'm enjoying that again
I really like the pot but the burglary
itself is delicious I do think I would
be tempted to upgrade to the actual
Palmer burger that is getting a hey man
so that's like a Hayman for things that
are like nine out of ten and above the
bug is tasty and I enjoy if you fancy
beef you'll be happy with that but
that's kind of it's kind of got my heart
a little bit and you're not going to get
that in many places so it's Unique to
something to mention is you do get a
little bit of red slaw with the Ballers
box and also with the uh the girl I had
at the beginning I don't think mentioned
that and another thing they're actually
quite well known for is this this is a
stir-fry daughter which you did get here
too but I'm going to try it properly
here because you guys know what I'm like
I'm a bit of a Donna fiend
it's called quite thick which I enjoy I
end up with maybe a couple of chips oh I
don't I'll use the chips actually
that the bolus box comes with these are
the cheesy chips but you can ask for the
Perry chips even you know plain chips if
you want but if you're going to get the
option of cheesy chips take it
my friend take that up take every
opportunity life throws you away
they asked me if I want cheese and chips
or not I said yes that's a good
combination you've got spicy Donna with
like the cheesy chips the Mellow flavor
of the cheese coming through
um good combo I think they could even
put a touch more spice actually in the
Kebab it's cooked really well it's quite
Saucy a little bit more spice I think I
could I could take that I think it
depends on your your palette really and
then mac and cheese bites see more
places need to do stuff like this like
put some mac and cheese bites in a box
like this put some onion rings maybe
chili cheese bites maybe mozzarella
sticks come on look I know this is from
a packet I know it's frozen that's why
it's probably gonna cost a couple of
quid that's fine put it in my box beef
up the box a little bit do you guys kind
of know what I mean like I don't mind
having four or five onion rings out from
a packet if it's in a big box that's
fine because the Box isn't about the
rings of all the other stuff but the
Rings just add to it this is a mac and
cheese bite
oh it's not deep fried mac and cheese
especially lovely see this just goes so
well with this bit of Donna one of these
like a little side perfect quick little
break to have some mocktails also these
are cooked I just know there's little
faces on these can you guys see the
faces I don't know if their cameras
picking them up this is the uh blue one
I uh I asked my brother who was serving
me get me like ones that you like if I
don't like them it's his fault this is
blue sea Martini
I don't know what that is orange and
lime
do you know that's got like a fizzy
bubble gummy kind of taste you're not
foodie ninja cameraman towels my brother
he would love that and then this one I'm
going to call this the orange one but I
think it's actually it's a passion fruit
mojito that's a bit more something that
I understand and I know oh do you know
I'll get that you know what that is
divine do not get a can of Coke why come
to a place like this which is really
nice great seating good food and get
like a Coke but that just doesn't make
sense to me you can get that anyway the
Coke's probably gonna be like two three
quid anyway that's how much Cooks I read
in like restaurants yes three quid you
must pay a little bit more and get like
a proper drink that's a bit unique you
know they make it here tasty like
presented well too the borders box comes
with chops as well comes with two chops
actually but because I've already eaten
them I'm not gonna eat them again or I
can review them again I'm actually gonna
I'm gonna eat them again but not
on camera I can't believe I nearly
forgot these good little side again look
for anyone in the comment says it I know
it's my packet but I think they're like
two pounds I mean
250. that's fine this little add-on to
my meal why not want to find like a good
spot right to give you my final thoughts
because they've got
The Good The Bad The Hungry if you know
that reference it's a great movie it's
one of the first ones I ever saw my dad
and she did the bad and ugly
um we've got a burger we've got
this is cool
like an Aussie it's like this is you
know what the light in bangs here so and
that's that guy from that TV show um
I don't know what it's called anyway
this is I came in not with
um
a negative viewpoint but more of a oh
these guys are doing big on social media
um they've got like that really funny
kind of character which should be fair I
actually love the content it's really
good but that doesn't mean the food's
good
so I was like let's see how the food
actually is you know and honestly to
blow me away they've kind of like proved
me wrong not not that came in negative
but you kind of guys know what I mean
they've sort of nailed it you know
they've got really cool social media
they've got that funny kind of character
the angry chef but the food which is
what really matters they have absolutely
nailed they've got great seating in here
as well it's a really good environment
and they've got like I said great food
it's well priced they've got really good
drinks so for me it's an easy recommend
it's a very easy recommend so check
these guys out if you're in the area
check them out I'll put the address down
below they've got a ton of hey man
because they were awesome and it's a
place I will definitely