Pizza is one of the biggest food
businesses in the world it's valued at
$141 billion and America alone owns $3
of all of that and half of that third is
spent on Pizza Hut Papa John's Little
Caesars but what about the other half
this is where things get a little
interesting America's done a pretty good
job of adapting this European invention
into something of its very own while
still giving respect to the traditional
art form that's why today we're going to
try to find the best pizza in America
there's only one problem there's over
80,000 pizza restaurants that exist here
so how do we narrow that down we're
using a rigorous three-step process step
one we asked you on my Instagram what's
the best American style of pizza and
what's the best restaurant that
represents that style to make this Fair
our control is pepperoni cheese and
sauce that's it step two we're going to
take your top three Pizza cities and
restaurants go to them and rate them
because I have to try them for myself
and finally step three the most
important the city that wins we will go
to find a local pizza expert to take us
to all of the most influential pizza
shops in that area the highest scored
pizza from our tour will be crowned the
greatest Pizza in America thousands of
you voted for this and the top three
were New York City second place Detroit
style and Chicago deep dish third place
New Haven so close but unfortunately did
not make the top three based on our vote
all that being said we're starting off
in Chicago the land of the Italian beef
something that I love but let's see how
their Pizza stands we at the original
Lumina in Chicago maybe the most iconic
Chicago deep dish there are a lot of
styles of pizza here but deep dish three
times as many votes as pan pizza and two
times as many as thin crust and 10 times
as many as stuff so here we are classic
famous buttercrust pepperoni and cheese
marinara
simple I'm like suffocating right now
that was a fight you ever go into water
and even take enough of a breath and you
start to panic that's what just happened
to me appearance-wise looks great I like
seeing the whole tomato I like seeing
the cheese sauce is good texturally it's
tough for me to get through the crust
itself crunchy crumbly not really what I
want in a pizza at all I thought the
crust would be something special this is
more of like a dessert style pie with
cheese in it instead of a pizza I don't
think it needs that much cheese then
again it does help with that unsalted
crust when I think of pizza I think
Chewy crust has good structural
Integrity Fair saua cheese ratio not a
ton of cheese not a ton of sauce and
then everything should come together as
a singular Crescendo I'm biting down in
a piece of food and I'm getting
everything I want in one little bite
this one like you don't know what's
going to happen at best I can give this
5.5 quick pause cuz I know Chicagoans
are going to be piss off on this take
but I have a real chicagoan here to
share his opinion Mr Beef himself I a
chicagoan deep dish is a garbage Pizza
this gross it's like going to McDonald's
just being honest with love and respect
to Chicago We're moving on all right
Chicago that left me wanting more but
it's not over yet on a Detroit we are at
the original buddies location if you
don't know buddies it's essentially the
pioneer of the Detroit style pizza
everybody in my close Circle has been
hyping this place up to me for a long
time and you the audience picked it so
it better be good they've got a lot of
Awards in there I've never seen that
much verified flexing in one room in my
entire life but I respect it but I
respect it we moved we have this
beautiful Pizza without further Ado
cheers the pepperonis under the cheese
really weird it doesn't really develop a
nice myard reaction I don't really like
that looks wise it looks great the
texture is really good you got this
crazy Crunch and it's soft on the
insides but the flavor is super missing
I'm a little
underwhelmed you saw how good that looks
doesn't taste as good as it looks this
pizza right here in front of me is a
solid 5.8 but I will say the hospitality
here is truly unmatched so I have a lot
of respect and love for that the pizza
didn't do it for me just being honest I
love you Detroit I'm sorry okay last
stop New York City we are at Joe's this
was by far the most voted for four times
as much as placement number two on the
list it's one of the main pioneers of
the New York City slice culture so if
you're in Manhattan late at night this
is where the you go the size the
foldability the cheese pole the sauce
it's all what makes the New York City
slice it's really good super thin as it
tapers down like paper we got the cheese
we got the pepperoni sauce is really
nice I love you I love you what's your
name pleasure to meet you Sam of course
you can you look awesome and you who
this awesome this pizza is awesome you
heard that crunch the dough is chewy
it's super crisp and crunchy on the
outside here's one thing that people
don't talk about salt level in the dough
just about perfect I almost want a
little more salt in the dough just a
little bit that being said this is damn
near Perfect Pizza I'm give this a solid
powerful standing seven this pizza is
the perfect bar Setter which is why New
York City is the winner that means we're
going to do our Deep dive here but with
over 2,000 pizzerias five burrow it's
nearly impossible to eat at every single
one so to tell me all the right spots to
hit I'm handing over the rigns to the
one and only person I ever would do this
with the New York City Pizza expert
Scott weiner he's eaten at every
noteworthy New York City pizza shop
while leading his pizza tour business
Scott's Pizza tours and he holds the
Guinness record for world's biggest
pizza box collection shout out to Scott
for doing the majority of the research
for us and has whittel it down to a
concise list this man bleeds pizza sauce
all right Scott how can to make this
count well we're just going to cut to
the chase by doing the most
quintessential and influential slice
shops so these are the ones that are
classic old school historic places and
some of the new school places that are
challenging convention I know you like
scars that's going to fit right into the
pocket of what we're doing last time I
voted scars the best I'm curious to see
if it holds up so let's begin but if
we're going to do this sort of an
Expedition we're going to need a tried
to intrude Ste to get this
[Music]
done ready hop in this makes me feel
awkward so we're at John's Pizza one of
New York City's oldest coal oven pizza
shops opened in
1929 we said pepperoni but now we have
cheese why cheese because this is New
York style pizza and I know with other
styles toppings are a big part of it but
with New York style pizza it's all about
the Holy Trinity the cheese sauce crust
and if they're making good pizza it's
got to come across in this format we
have new data so moving forward all
pizzas will be cheese only according to
Scott that is the only way to make this
decision as focused and fair as possible
I'm ready are you ready yeah I see my
slice elegant it is elegant it's sliced
low moisture mozzarella topped with
tomato sauce above the cheese and this
is a variation that a lot of coal
fireplaces were doing back in the day
because the sauce acted as a protective
element that prevented the cheese from
drying out in this really bone dry cold
fired oven it's a very delicate
melt-in-your mouth dough there's not a
lot of chewing the dough in a good way
super crisp crust the sauce you kind of
wish there was a little more salt in
this this is straight up California
tomato it's just a All Over clean nice
to eat pizza it's a great pizza I'm
going to give it a solid six and a half
I want you guys to understand something
I rate aggressively five is good 10 is
nothing is better than what I'm eating
right now ever and one is I don't want
to eat this again we're going to have to
go back to Joe's for a cheese one and
see where this lands we backc at Joe's
this time I want the bigger slice you
earned it you can really smell the
cheese you don't have to lean on the
crutch of pepperoni listen I really like
pepperoni all
right totally different not as good oh I
think it's way better that's why they
call it opinion folks New Yorkers are on
the go they grab a slice of this a
pepperoni slice you need more time to
sip it is a lot cleaner to eat without
the pepperoni I feel like the pepperoni
weighs down the pizza a bit this is
really like sustaining its structural
Integrity I do like that I get this puff
of CR at the back
end it's a 6.4 moving on JN and Joe's
are ranked neck and neck but we're now
moving on to pis in Harlem one of New
York City's oldest and most iconic
pizzerias ever old school 1930s Coal
Oven Pizzeria unlike John's pis sells
its pizza by the slice so this has
become a New York institution coal is a
very dry heat and you can see that on
the crust it looks pretty crisp and you
were talking about excess flour what's
that about what they'll do here is
they'll partially stretch out do's and
then they'll leave them stacked with FL
flour in between the dough sheets so
they don't stick to each other but that
excess flour can get stuck to the dough
burn a little bit in the oven and that's
when you get burn on the bottom and you
get a little bit of dustiness on the
crust it just means you might get a
bitter flavor on your tongue I want that
little that I'm a little nervous about
that's beyond Char that's into the burn
territory I'm okay with it on this one
it does have a really nice crunch which
I enjoy you get a traditional New York
Pizza flavor this is a very Ordinary
Pizza to me and when I say ordinary I
don't mean bad I would come back and eat
it but I wouldn't go out of my way for
it I think it deserves a solid standing
five very middle of the ground we now
make our way to Luigi's yet another
Pizza icon been open since 1973 still
run by the same family that opened it
New York Pizza moved on from coal fired
that we had at John's and pis when
natural gas became the economical choice
for pizzer is so the gas fueled deck
oven is what makes this style pizza
possible it's a longer bake because it's
a lower temperature and that leaves for
a really crisp but even not charred
crust and I mean look at this it's
classic New York slice I already took a
bite this is a saucy pizza and I love it
and this is super simple crushed tomato
light oregano I like that the oregano is
not in my face I almost don't even
detect it which is exactly how I think
it should be used in Pizza Salt lovers
look great normally I like a saltier
dough but the toppings and the sauce are
salty enough to balance it out I'm
picking up a little bit of pepper which
is diversifying the flavor profile
really like that if you're coming to New
York and you have an idea in your head
imagining New York Pizza this is that
pizza I'm going to give it a really
strong
6.99 I'm leaving room but I love this
gives me everything I could possibly
want and without relying on pepperoni I
wouldn't even want pepperoni on this
this as perfect as it is so Luigi takes
the first place spot welld deserved but
is an old school place like this really
going to win so we move on to see if our
next pizza place will Dethrone it we at
Tara super famous place been open since
1965 if you're eating a pizza has fresh
basil on it it's because of darara a lot
of the trends that are happening in New
York are happening because of the
influence of darara so if they are
standing on the shoulders of giants this
is one of those giants you y what's up
man
you're trying to bar out yeah yeah what
do you think of it I'm about to get my
review looks I love it a little flatter
on the crust which I don't love that
said the crust is really nice it's got a
good crunch and it's got chew I do like
the juiciness one thing I noticed is
different about this place there's
little bits of whole tomato it's like a
little pop of freshness but it's not
super super super remarkably different
from a few of the other good ones that
I've had I'm going to give this a solid
6.6 nice traditional it's not shaking me
to my core it's giving me what I want I
finished the slice so let's move
on
what the with thear taking second place
in the current rankings we move on to LC
col in Brooklyn which is actually
Beyonce and jz's favorite spot it's kind
of a bridge between those old school
places and the modern revisionist pizza
style darara influence host oven
parmesano post oven basil and a pretty
looking pie I want this charred bit so
I'm going to go for it I'm glad you took
that one cuz I wanted this one over here
more juicy I do like the juicy pizzas
when I say juicy it's Saucy but the
cheese kind of cradles and encapsulates
it texture it does doesn't have the chew
I want it has crunch little chew I don't
think this tastes any different than any
of the pizzas I've had today I know that
this has a lot of hype I know a lot of
people love it I know Beyonce loves it
shout out to Beyonce I'm just saying
that it's maybe potentially overhyped a
little this is not Scott this is me look
I like the pizza it's slightly above ven
ground it's tasty I want more and it
feels like it doesn't have that for me
it's just a okay good experience so for
that 6'2 we're judging this in a vacuum
we're not including the Ambiance of the
restaurant we're isolating this as Pizza
and pizza only moving on o a low rank
for lucali our last true old school
inspired stop now time for day two and
our first new school spot we're at best
pizza in Williamsburg Brooklyn open in
2010 and it was really first place to
kick off this artisanal approach to the
New York slice they bake the pizza in a
wood fired oven there's like oregano in
this pizza there is visually it's
beautiful the crust is nice the crunch
is great texture is good cheese is
pretty typical it's the oregano that's
killing it for me it was the first thing
you said when you smelled it it's
Sicilian oregano it's bright it's punchy
so a little of it goes a long way here's
the thing every single Mass manufactured
pizza sauce or tomato sauce tends to
have oregano and an Exquisite amount of
sugar in it so because of that the
oregano reminds me of these Mass
manufactured sauces even though there's
this nice floral herbaceous oregano
quality to this it's taking me away from
this pizza and transporting me to that
oregano abused you when you were young
oregano abused me I have emotional scars
from it I like this because it's so
light it's like this gentle Whisper of a
pizza the one thing that's not subtle is
that oregano if it weren't for the
oregano this would be about a seven I
think I could give it a six we're moving
on best pizzas joining the bottom of the
pack while we head to our next stop
which has deep Staten Island Roots Ruby
Rosa is a new school place but it pays
tribute to the old school cuz it's the
same family that's been in the pizza
game in New York since the 60s so it's
got this classic old school New York
Vibe but it's a thin crust pizza cheers
yeah massive step up in my opinion I
talk about salt a lot but really what
I'm talking about is balance the salt
the acidity the sweetness just sauce
alone perfect this is one of the best if
not the best thin crust pizza I've ever
had in my entire life the crust has this
really deep toasted flavor which I love
thin crust pizza usually is one texture
which is just the cracker this has like
a plushness just beneath the surface I
want to slap myself in the face with
this it's a perfect amount of cheese for
this style of pizza I'm going to give
this one a 7.2 it's a big Josh number
it's a big Josh number I have nothing to
say this is Awesome Moving On not only
did Ruby Rasta snatch first place away
from Luigi's but new school Pizza takes
over the lead on top of old school we
only have a few more stops left is this
actually going to be our highest score
there's only one way to find out on to
Mama's 2 which as soon as I got there
they immediately put me to work Frank's
parents have owned a pizzeria for
decades two blocks away called mamas
both places coexist making slightly
different things mamas with the classic
New York Pizza m is to with the more
thought out like the more intentional
pizza for the people yeah moving quick
because it's very cold and this is going
to go cold instantaneously the one that
I made is not the one that we rank look
at that this is a really good slice this
one is crunchy and it melts instantly
aside from the basil the sauce is very
mellow it's a fresh pie it makes you
feel like that freshness of a neopolitan
pizza but the like anxiousness of a New
York pizza I like that this pizza is
more substantial I like that there's
layering to the different ingredients
that are on here that little bit of
fresh parmesano it adds the Umami and
the depth of flavor that this pizza I
feel like makes a little bit special do
you think of this as being classic
traditional New York pizza or does this
fit New Wave for you to me this feels
like classic the only New Wave Element
Fresh graded parm basil but to me it
just feels like a more thoughtful
version of traditionality I really like
it I'm going to give it a
7.35 minua oh it was really really good
it was supposed to be round I it up okay
and just like that Mama's 2 takes first
place one after the other just keeps
dethroning are we going to see another
first place after this upside Pizza is
New York's rebuttal against its own
dollar slice culture there were all
these pizzerias around the city that had
a dollar slice admittedly not high
quality but in 2019 some of the owners
decided to open up a place that would do
high quality ingredients full sourdough
crust and that is upside Pizza this is
very much of a style I enjoyed there's
some moisture from this cheese you can
see it it's low moisture and fresh
mozzarella it's like its own beverage
this slice yeah I love this texturally
it has a crispy crunch that not every
puffy crust pizza has this one's super
crisp and then you get the softness on
the inside flavor-wise it's less in the
sour toasty range more in the creamy
buttery nice French bread kind of vibe
when you say sourdough pizza I think a
lot of people think eh I'll stay away
this reveals the truth about sourdough
which is is that it very often not sour
and there's some Umami that I'm picking
up too that I really really enjoy this
is like a roasted tomato and they roast
it with like a thick layer of oil on top
and then they throw in what do you call
it when you take a bunch of herbs and
you wrap them bouquet garne a bouquet
gar in appearance it's beautiful I'm
going to give it a seven High Praise
moving on upside joins the top three as
we make our drive to our next spot in
Queens you know I I could be dreaming
about so many things probably not pizza
mono's pizza it's a classic Pizza Joint
run by this guy Nick he wants to push
more water in the dough so we can get a
lighter air area crust sometimes people
think like oh it's going to be too bre I
feel like I've got a handlebar to hold
on to before I eat my pizza it's 95% air
which one do you think I'm going to oh I
know you're going for that you like a
life with some blemishes wait listen to
this that's
nice oh my God I just bit into a piece
of heaven it was like a potato chip
level crispiness around into this cloud
of salty yeasty air the salt level on
this dough is so good not as much chew
as I'm looking for I'm not complaining
though I like it this is definitely on
the new school side because Nick treats
the Pizza like a bread you don't get a
crumb structure like this with big open
air pockets without knowing what you're
doing this is like a perfect combination
of everything everything I said about
this pizza puts it at a solid 7.1 monos
moving on I was shocked with monos but
our work doesn't end here are we going
to see another dethroning with one of my
favorite pizza stops in New York City
let's find out so we're at scars one of
my personal favorites in the second most
highly voted pizza shop in New York City
scar is a super important place they
opened in 2016 the whole idea of scars
is to do a classic quintessential New
York slice and make you feel like you're
in a classic quintessential New York
Pizzeria but to upgrade the components
they're using some of their own hous
miled flour they're using much less of a
higher quality cheese and organic
tomatoes in the pizza sauce I don't know
man I'm
nervous extremely good you get a little
bit of the puppy crust but you got a lot
more crunch than you did at upside the
do season a little under what I want it
to be but the cheese is really salty
which I love it's a whole picture you
know you're not just eating crust I will
say this is a tapered experience it
starts out thin it gets a little thicker
and thicker and thicker as you get
towards the edge is that a flaw or a
positive no it's a positive cuz you get
multiple experiences of texture in this
which you know how I feel about that
flavor is perfect sauce perfect it's a
little sweet but it's not too sweet it's
a little acidic but it's not too acidic
it's got depth of flavor but it's not
too deep it's not like overcooked
there's a lot of umami in it this gets a
solid
7.8 I didn't know if you were going to
go that high I really love this SP I
would eat this whole pizza and I
wouldn't stop and I don't care if it
hurts my body my feelings it's fine what
can I say scars has been my favorite
pizza place in New York but it's not
over yet we have one last stop to go BL
topple my longstanding favorite pizza
place in New York or is our final spot
going to snatch the crown let's find out
industry is owned by a guy from Tuscany
who is making New York style pizza with
this Italian mentality the pizza that
they're making now is the result of
constant progress and constant learning
so this is really the definition of a
new school Place basil parmesano and
olive oil post baked great Char cheers
this has both of my favorite things
about a pizza together you got a crispy
crunch right away you know almost like a
cracker style but as you chew you're
like wait a minute this Dough's got some
tensile strength it's a little chewy in
a good way it stick to your teeth kind
of chew which I really like you can't
have a good pizza without a good crust
cuz you can have a bite that has less
cheese or less sauce or no basil or
whatever but to me it's the base of this
pie and then they just don't screw it up
and the dough seasoned perfectly sauce
perfectly seasoned perfectly mous the
flavor it's deep but it's not
overwhelming it's still clean I love the
amount of cheese this is not a goopy
cheese pull slice it doesn't need to be
you ever eat a pizza that has too much
cheese and you chew and it's great and
about 50% of the way through the chewing
it goes hard and rubbery that doesn't
happen with this it disintegrates I mean
this is a great pizza the best pizza in
America crown comes down to this I think
it's going to get a 785 wo only a 0.05
difference a marginal increase means a
big win for theindustry look I have a
big respect for old school things you
know that I grew up and worked in old
school traditional restaurants but I'm a
new school guy I like the idea of taking
the old learning from it and applying
new to then elevate it standing on the
shoulders of giants and I feel like
lustry did a great job the moral of the
story here is that Pizza in America
deserves a seat at the culinary table
and I think Scott you might agree with
that 100% so thank you Scott for making
this possible it would not have been
able to do this without you your endless
Fountain of pizza knowledge is truly
remarkable anywhere you are whether it's
in New York or anywhere in America go
try a local pizza spot have an
experience do it for me if not do it for
Scott I want you to do it
bye
[Music]