[Music]
I love it I'm going to live here
[Music]
now hey guys this is Mike Chen here in
Las Vegas Nevada and this is going to be
another amazing food day and I know that
is going to be true because I am media
up with my good friend Phil who's an
expert in all things food and he's going
to take me to a couple of his favorite
local food spots starting with all you
can eat Japanese A5 wagu hot pot so this
is a new place right yeah new place uh
super hot in town very popular right now
you've been here before yeah we' been
here before and the quality is really in
the A5 beef and just the quality cuts
that they have here like no other shab
shab Place Off the Strip so as soon as
you walk in you see a fridge full of
meat and there's different tiers right
yep there's silver gold basic y we're
getting gold we're absolutely getting
gold there's no question so with the
gold you get Japanese A5 some of these
are limited to one cut a person
obviously I hope you you're hungry I I
skipped breakfast cuz I knew we're
coming here I ate breakfast unfort well
I don't know about unfortunately but
this is going to be so crazy good all
right let's get started for Diamond sets
like just 20 $20 more than the go one
and everything on this men is uned yeah
let's do diamond oh let's do diamond so
we just found out there's a secret it's
not listed here right no is there's a
secret Diamond here where you get
unlimit everything we're going for that
is there a limited amount of me we get
do you order like three at a time four
at a time so first one like do 12 12 yes
so you to bring
out let's do it so one of each please
wait this is all unlimited too yeah oh
yeah the flar toast the marrow was
really good last time let's do the beef
first and then let's dig into this other
specialty dish menu is incredible wag
you bone marrow I will bring you guys
combo oh it's a gigantic basket yes
please thank you this is my favorite
place in Vegas I haven't even took a
bite I have not taken a bite this is my
favorite place in
Vegas all right the meat has it looks
beautiful unreal and this is A5 Japanese
wagu and this here we have to eat right
now this is uh A5 Japanese b a little
piece of toast it looks awesome it has
like leaner pieces of beef on top y
thanks for taking me here man of course
of course
cheers oh we way to start tastes like
Vegas you know it's just rich and
extravagant it just hits you in your
food loving so unlimited unlimited I
mean this is way fattier and richer than
typical bomo it is we should get another
one now all right our first round is
here we got a seafood plate oysters
prawns tilapia Abalone snow crab this is
a he of a a seafood plate and then their
first round of beep was uh so we got a
ribeye shoulder and brisket where you
want to go first we got to start with a
wag I think so got to start with a wag
so
good in the broth we got tomato
let's do this
brother goes in you got to be so careful
when you're dealing way5 wagon because
it's not this is not just your typical
fatty me no oh man look at that Marv
looks so good and dipp sauce so they
have some Sesame and I think this is
like some kind of spicy soy sauce I
don't even mess with these I just go
with the sauce or just you just directly
eat it let's try let's try grandpa style
let's try it from uh directly from the
Brock
wow oh my gosh tomato is really light
but I think it gives it enough flavor
how's the spicy miso broth it's good it
could be spicier but the beef itself is
the star of the show Absolutely I'm
going to try this little Sesame oh yeah
yeah do it I want to try the
Tomato it's really nice one SES me this
what we just had is the ribeye is I
think it's the fatest piece here this
place is so incredible we got to hurry
up and eat these because uh they've been
sitting here kind of melting a little
bit so so this is the next cut this is
the uh shoulder right yes all right I'm
going to try the Miso this time all
right do it which one you going to do
I'll go with tomato tomato is good I
like it yeah yeah I never had that one
here yeah Tomato's great I love tomatoes
one of my favorite hot hop rocks the
shoulder definitely marbled of course
but not as nearly as marbled as the
ribeye and that's to be expected and you
can see again the marbling rivering
through the meat that's just the most
beautiful part of a piece of true
Japanese dragg it it's like a painting
almost you know it is it is this whole
plate is kind of like a Picasso
yeah
M the soy sauce doesn't overpower the
meat add a bit of wami a little bit of
heat yeah oh my gosh nice little add-on
to everything else going on two piece in
I know I could go all day with this
stuff do it dude all right so next next
piece we're trying this is the brisket a
have you seen brisket this pretty before
all right here you go brother thank you
and it Cooks so quickly less than 10
seconds don't want to overcook it at
all I'm going to hit it with a little
bit of soy sauce
again what do you think three cuts which
which one's your favorite it's great
it's a revive for me for sure but I like
that one a lot too lean a a little
different kind of chew more be flavor
still melts in your mouth but the first
one was just complete it's like beef
Snow Yeah like if snow
it's flavored like beef that's what it
would be it just touches your tongue and
just dissipates which broth do you like
more I think I like the tomato a little
more I like the little tanginess a
little bit of sweetness it's not overly
anything it's great and subtle what
about you I like them both this is my
first time having a tomato but I do like
that yeah very subtle just the beefs the
star and it kind of you know gets a
little flavor into it our next piece is
the wagu niri all right so a little bit
of looks like wasabi chili on top here
you go my friend it's
excellent nice that's superb yeah the
sauce sitting on the rice when you bite
into it so good I think my biggest um
issue with u wagon and ha sometimes is
like the rice there's no flavor not so
at all with this the flavor is fantastic
really good all right you know what this
is the vegetable platter I'm going to
start putting some of this stuff in I'm
just going to put them randomly
throughout and this just going to give
the broth more flavor and then we can
slowly eat this as we Feast on the
beef it's great I love it I'm going to
live here now I now live here all right
so they said to eat this really quick
this is the eie and it looks like it's
covered in butter with a little bit of
the the Wasabi chilies on top look at
this thing just coming out of the Shell
with all the inners and all the flavor
Essence attached all right I'm sucking
on this
here M ooh nice oh that is
good
[Music]
that was just dor unfiltered sweetness
wow that's good and fresh is this waging
tartar yeah it's Wagar W oh my gosh
[Music]
beautiful all right let's try this all
right it's good the r is so good with
that I'm not usually a fan of T charm no
but that is some tender tender beef it's
this really clean tasting beef this is
really
actually okay before our other hot foods
get here I think we should start eating
our Seafood all right I'm going to put a
scallop in I don't know how long this is
supposed to cook I think I'm just going
to drop it in there a little Abalone
yeah snow crap this is cooked so this
should be
fine mhm wow oh this is really suul this
is amazingly delicate it's really really
good V toast yeah little tomato and this
gr jelly try it
okay I love it that thing is rich and
creamy yeah I never thought about
combining the jelly and a tomato a nice
little change up with everything else
going on too I think everything we've
had today is pretty darn good it's been
Stellar our next set of wagu has arrived
this is the Australian wagu Australian
what they call it Australian M9
full-blooded wagu so this is the best
cut or the most marble cut of Australian
wagu yeah it looks a little little
leaner more like a Cho style beef but
they said 3 seconds right seconds
seconds 2 oh my gosh this is it it's
like a pretty good rose
beef your example of rare rose beef is
right yeah it tastes like that held more
of the juice of the broth than the other
Cuts so it was a much juicier bite way
more tender because the cooking time was
so short oops 3 seconds okay let going
try this again all right all right one
two three ah that was more like 4
seconds um I'm going to try to dip it
this all right I didn't zp the other one
so yeah I I'll try this one you're old
school like you you would eat this
directly from from the
bro I think it's awesome yeah really
good it does taste like a really tender
slice of prime rib or rast beef it
doesn't taste all that rare even though
it kind of look a little scary I am
interested for this one this one is even
leaner than the last piece super lean
and this is the shoulder cut I'm
assuming this is 3 seconds as well right
yeah I think so all right let's said all
right one
Mississippi three oh here we go all
right okay oh mine's kind of done
already all right all
right I think the Australian Cut's okay
yeah I much more prefer the Japanese CER
the difference is pretty significant
that was still good very tender more
beef flavor but if you want that 5
buttery meltin got to go for Japanese
100% now we're just waiting for some of
the hot F to come out let's order some
more Japanese wagu let's go at it all
right that was pretty incredible
incredible I think the deal for all you
can eat wagu for under $100 you're not
going to find out anywhere no if you saw
out here there's people just waiting out
the door here to come in uh just for
lunch and I don't blame them I mean this
is just a phenomenal deal yeah I mean
everything tastes wonderful service was
great I love this little sitting
situation where you can come by yourself
and they set you up with a little hot
pot for yourself well I appreciate you
showing me this place man another slam
dunk so my pleasure I knew this would be
right up your alley and it exceeded
expectations oh yeah thank you so much
and lunch is not over lunch
[Music]
continues I feel like I'm back in Japan
I really do this whole setup um tell me
be about this place sure so uh this
place has been around for almost 4 years
now and what I love about this place is
just one of the best most high-end
Japanese restaurants in Vegas and yeah
you walk down this Hall you come into
here completely transported a different
place in time if you told me I was in
Tokyo right now I believe you especially
from what I'm looking at right now
that's sitting in front of us it's
Exquisite so this is the starter course
yeah they call it the zensai uh so yeah
basically just a multiple Amo bues uh
right here all laid out some sake snails
mini chashi bowl with tuna iur fresh
wasabi shrimp this is the Hokkaido snow
beef inside this little clam it's a
little squid that they said what you can
only there's like can you have 2 months
a year or something yeah they call a
firefly squid that's only available uh
right here is Sesame tofu with uni on
top luxurious ah it makes me borderline
emotional feeling like I'm almost back
there right now shall we yeah let's go
where do you want to start start with
the snail all right let's do
it sweet
Snappy I think this is maybe marinated a
little soy really Snappy this tastes
like a very crunchy conk it's got that
kind of texture yep that's delicious
tastes great so this is a little cup of
sake but non-alcoholic fermented rice it
looks like and it smells like cheers my
friend all right
cheers oh yeah oh it's very nice sweet
refreshing mhm but like Japanese sweet
not American sweet not overly sweet at
all all right this I'm really excited
about and it's so pretty so this
Hokkaido snow
beef
interesting you can tell it's quite
tender it's just squeezing your
chopsticks a little too much and this
thing is just falling
apart wo wo it's really good stewed
saued up perfectly 10 out of 10
explosion of flavor right there I would
just like a giant bowl like magnify this
like get a giant bowl of of this and
over rice it'll be Heaven I agree wow
this is the prettiest box yeah and this
thing is it's colorful it's vibrant a
little bit of Wasabi should start with
the shrimp and work our way up to the
aoro wow sweet Snappy they flavored it
with something too it's got a nice first
of umami to it feels like that yeah this
is a golden thread fish yeah oh I never
heard of that before never heard of it
either okay
did you see there's rice underneath the
fish too yeah it's a whole chashi going
on here I grabb some rice down
here mix it with the
EA it's very buttery oh yeah very
buttery oh that's very nice really good
wow
now moving from lean to to to fatty tuna
I'm going to add a little wasab on
here oh wow you can really taste the
quality in the fish that they're getting
here extremely fresh and also the Wasabi
tell fresh Wasabi definitely not from a
tube I'm was going to dump this whole
thing in my mouth cuz I want theur in
there as well do
it that's an amazing bite yeah usually I
just e the UR by itself but with some
popping theur it's like these little
flavor pearls just erupting mixed in
with the sushi rice it's just a a really
Heavenly bite all right inside this
little beautiful clam dish oh there's a
there's a little there's a clam
underneath there clam underneath they're
big on uh like Sav type jellies in a lot
of their dishes we might see that later
on I think it might be better as one
whole bite I'm not sure I think so let's
do it all
right wow it's a very Snappy texture the
jelly very light and Mild all right this
I'm really excited about look at this
sesame tofu with Hokkaido wiy on
top I love sesame tofu yeah it's just
the fragrant that pops up as it's just
melting on your tongue nothing like it
plus the richness and the sweetness of
the onion with a tiny bit of brininess
and finally on the zensai course we have
a young Peach right here and that's good
as a palet cleanser see the whole thing
we just eat the whole thing yeah okay
all right I never seen this before we
done this before wao
wow that's a yum Peach wow delicious wow
that is better than some mature peaches
that's so sweet and it's just less fuss
you know like there's no messiness from
eating that peach just pop hold in your
mouth oh wow that's great yeah really
[Music]
good this is freaking beautiful it's a
sakur yeah I'm assuming that they're
serving this because it's SC season
right now yeah the seasonal dishes uh
they I mean the menu changes every month
here M so Chef just go through all the
best seasal ingredients anding them we
got three cuts of fish right here of
course we got kamoro which is the uh
super fatty collar of the tuna we have
the green fish over here and then uh
black throat sea perch mhm over here and
uh one of the special things about
eating sushi at Yuzu is the Yuzu foam oh
that's a foam yeah it's a foam you kind
of dab a little bit on with the uh bito
infused soy sauce for a completely
different taste and flavor bito infused
soy sauce yeah oh this is
interesting W oh you definitely taste
that Yuzu yeah oh you only need a little
bit of that foam that's fantastic right
I've never seen this before it's
beautiful cuz his foam is spread so
quickly around your mouth yeah bright
kind of sourish mhm and just uh really
good with everything else going on like
you said a little salty more flavored
than just pure Citrus this is great and
this is um the green fish the green fish
all
[Music]
right little firmer yeah fleshier
texture I love this foam thing this is
such a great
addition oh this looks
beautiful awesome looking
[Music]
cut
this Yuzu foam is so perfect with
something fatty it just balances out all
that richness yeah it takes Cuts Like
The kamuro to a completely different
place really
good okay so this is a grilled ntoo
which is the blackthroat SE perch we had
earlier and uh just cooked on a Boton
Grill uh with Hokkaido uni and some
veggies as well
smells awesome it's Exquisite I love the
theme of Sakura and I never had this
fish
before Oh my god look super oily M wow
this is good yeah it's so tender and
flavorful this is not a mild fish it is
got a ton of flavor ton of flavor to it
for sure the oi on top just brings up a
whole other dimension to it I love the
Char that creates that little hint of
bitterness that contrast of sweet
fish
[Music]
[Music]
so this is this is what so yeah we're
looking at uh steamed suckera D and hok
crab this is crab mixed
in there's fish in here there's crab
Marine there's pieces of crab there's
[Music]
truffle there's so many things happening
here and to best experience it you got
to just take a bite of everything some
fish some crab Marine smoky it's earthy
a little sweet just incredibly light
yeah every bite I'm tasting something
new you know first bite I'm tasting more
of the Truffle the crab the fish Next
Bite I'm T tasting more of the seaweed
it's such an Innovative dish again
something I've never seen before crab
Marine it's like a crab wami Cloud
pretty much what that's what it
is yeah we got the he of beef here from
gefu prefecture they actually gave us
the certificate here to show how legit
it is MH and uh couped that with some
faga a little broccoli for the health
and top with black truffles looks great
smells ridiculous it's obviously looks
ridiculous it smells so good and the
little dipping sauce here I got some
truffle got some Wago got some uh forra
got everything going
on how Tender Is that this thing will
leave you speechless you would think
like like A5 wagu is Rich enough then
you add the FR R it's going to make it
richer but also adds a different layer
of flavor you get that beautiful
earthiness of the Truffle too I never
really have wagu a lot with Shuffle it's
just makes it so much more robust and
earthy a little bit of sweetness and
smokiness it's just incredible I so I
don't want this dish to
end so what we got here so this is
pretty creative they with the tempora
course they've taken uh eggplants and uh
put shrimp in the center so it's almost
like a tempora sandwich M uh we have uh
some smelt which is the whole fish you
eat the whole thing and then the tempora
uh jelly there that which you kind of
Dash on this is really crazy so the
sauce they have here they made it again
into a foam consistency and you put it
on top of the tempora
oh W that's awesome yeah cooked
perfectly cuz the sensor is just you get
everything going on inside smell is such
a underrated fish this perfect for
tempora pop the whole thing in your
mouth you get all the Umami bits with
all the meats and it's just so perfectly
crunchy I love the tempora sauce that
they made I love how easy it is to to
apply sh the Tempur there is just sits
there sandwich m
oh never had a combo like that before
sweet egg plant little sweet shrimp in
the middle it's right perfectly yeah
that's hard to do yeah really tender on
the inside easy to bite and just uh
flavors are
awesome so this is stripe Jack wrapped
in green onions yep with a hit of two
different kinds of vinegar Yuzu miso
vinegar and tosa
vinegar
M I was kind of worried The Green Onion
was going to be too overpowering but
it's not at all that's one of the best
parts of this yeah I love the green
onions I love the sweet fish that's
inside I mean this is the best way to
cleanse your palette I mean I love the
pickle Ginger but this is a much better
way to cleans the pal
absolutely
so this
is not a good okay so consistent theme
with uh tonight's dinner is the the
black throat SE
Birch wow one word to describe that is
just butter next one giant Japanese
grouper really sweet yeah wow the chure
kind of reminds me of EA 6 days age 6
days age that's beautiful
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
yeah all right
[Music]
M wow hand roll hand roll beautiful
Otoro and H wiie and then seaweed from
kushu M so this is the most luxurious
Tamaki I've had in seaweed smells really
good oh yeah che's my friend
right it's Rich it's melt in your mouth
and now that richness offset by the
vinegar and the rice m
yeah seaweed kind of hits me at the end
of the bite and it's super satisfying
feels like whenever you eat a kaii with
omasa it feels like a roller coaster
ride at the end wash it all down with
some miso
soup that was so amazingly satisfying
everything oh there's noo in the in the
misw is there yeah
M that's amazing it's like the end of a
awesome TV series no want it
you don't want to you don't want to
believe it's over for real usually
usually I I skip watching the last
episode kind of so I can kind of keep it
alive so I just skipped
theer that means I'm still eating this
right beautiful so colorful and the fla
is really delicate oh wow look at this
ice cream so many restaurants kind of
drop the ball on desserts it's either
just Mochi ice cream or some green tea
cake that they bought and uh this looks
great and they made their own ice
cream wow oh the flun is excellent just
so velvety what a way to wrap it up yeah
this is an excellent excellent place
like the dishes are super Innovative a
lot of things I've never tried before
yeah credit to the chef that they come
up with like all this J and it's harder
to do in Vegas because it's not like
you're walking by seasonal ingredients
all the time it's a bar and desert so
you have to be able to I'm I'm sure you
probably can't even get everything here
but to be able to come up with such a
Innovative meal just Stellar thank you
so much for showing me this place
absolutely man you know your stuff in
Vegas why that's why I always come to
you and this is another just knocked out
and park me off well I appreciate uh
again another fun food day with you uh
I'll see you again tomorrow but check
Phil he's got amazing love your short
videos and you can find them on you
Instagram yep at Las Vegas bille f l um
Instagram Tik Tok YouTube all that stuff
I'll have all the information down below
for you guys thanks again man I'll see
you tomorrow for
[Music]
[Music]
sure
[Music]
no