fun food videos festival food review
show has been running around time pain
looking for the tastiest treats this
place has to offer but today I'm looking
for something weird we're hunting down
the wackiest restaurants and foods in
this city including a toilet themed
restaurant that's serving hot diarrhea
cocoa that's this isn't a joke this is a
real place
we all remember being a young Japanese
girl and today I'm gonna relive my child
to the Japanese memories here at the
Hello Kitty good day cafe and spa I
should I don't think it's a spot I've no
idea what to expect all I know is that I
do not mix with this very well so I
think it's gonna be an interesting clash
I'm not too tough I'm not even too cool
I'm just gonna fully absorb all the
adorableness until my heart explodes
let's go
BAM all right check it out automatic
swords I like it as we enter we see the
cake section do you like the idea of a
cat head on top of your tank is this
actually allowed for me to eat here
alone I hope they don't call the police
this is the main kind of bakery area
upstairs is the actual restaurant let's
head up there and see what they have
[Music]
we've come to the second floor and I'm
so pumped some pub guys and right here
BAM more desserts they have figured out
the pastry branding they have all these
little cakes strawberry pie tara misu
it's very adorable I'm waiting for
something to really strike my fancy whoa
look at this it's a Hello Kitty waffle
press looks expensive how's Luke eating
waffles okay that's a hundred percent
what we're doing some Hello Kitty
waffles and I'm gonna check out the menu
to see what else they have
[Music]
okay I think I have a big enough seats
guys let's take a look at this menu here
first of all can I just comment how
disruptive it is there's a lot of kids
running around here I'm gonna adult man
I'm going to a Hello Kitty cafe I'm
trying to enjoy some peace and some
delicious food shaped like a cat and
there's kids running around everywhere
it's just oh hello could I please have
oh can I please have the strawberry
latte with the cute cat face mmm and
fruit in season ice cream pancake thank
you okay I'm gonna be honest I think
this booth is a little bit too big for
me I'm gonna sit in something a little
bit more my size I know you will always
be the
[Music]
it is our first location our first meal
I'm so excited because I'm showing you
this really authentic Taiwanese cuisine
have there been any complaints yet you
can come here and probably no one's
gonna even complain about you this
tastes really good
then tastes like strawberry milk oh
there's the coffee party ain't by the
way our kids supposed to drink coffee if
I was a kid I would love this coffee
the real reason I'm here is for this
authentic oh that's it hey that's a
dense waffle so now we're gonna drizzle
on some kiddie serum it's hard to say if
this is a breakfast or a dessert I think
it's a little bit about what we're gonna
do is just slap on some of that ice
cream - we're gonna fork up some of this
waffle and we're gonna put it all
together Cheers mmm Oh GMA it just it
tastes like a waffle with ice cream it's
about what you would expect but it's in
the shape of a cat head
[Music]
we have traveled to our last destination
for today a toilet themed restaurant of
all things and I know what you're
thinking why would someone make a toilet
themed restaurant basically this place
is like the clickbait version of a
restaurant I think people come in for
the Instagram photos maybe I don't know
if it's for the flavors the exotic
flavors very exotic flavors maybe
they've got some good beef noodles in
there - oh man beef noodles served in a
toilet bowl can't wait for that let's go
our restaurant it is called modern
toilet we can see some of their
specialties on their little promo board
well guys do you want some curled up
sausage that looks like some poop modern
toilet turd sub sandwich oh man they got
gross names for everything modern toilet
poop meatballs that one's not even a
creative title I'm curious what makes it
modern okay a modern toilet chicken
curry already very enticing crap all
right let's go upstairs and try to
figure this out together
oh very nice we have the bathroom sign
right here I just heard a flushing sound
it's pretty slamming in here right now
we see the toilet theme is everywhere
look at these ice cream in a urinal
that's adorable an ice-cream swirl in a
urinal that one's actually kind of
clever they have toilet bowls as chairs
I'm actually not sure how you find a
bathroom in a place like this we're
gonna go upstairs to order guys it's the
king of toilets it's like a king kong
sized toilet bowl right here okay
doesn't this one's not functioning yet
BAM
toilet shaped menu I'm super curious
what they're gonna have on the menu
we've got pictures and I like that some
of these have normal names and some of
them have great pun names modern toilet
diarrhea Coco like there's a green curry
chicken out rotten there's nothing
there's no pun in there at all unless
you think green curry is just synonymous
with
okay toi okay toilet chicken nuggets
what do you recommend
[Music]
which one looks the most like poop great
curry looks the most like poop let's do
the green one I think we're just we want
we're here for the toilet theme we want
the full effect yes the answer is yes
all right thank you so much the
confidence to be able to say hey we're
gonna make a drink with the word
diarrhea and people are gonna bite it
that takes guts it has all arrived can
you believe all these insane insane
treats and I only ordered a couple of
these things they also brought this to
us modern toilet bread good perhaps the
most disconcerting thing on this table
right here modern toilet poop meatballs
good she did a great job with this
recommendation here it does look like
someone had a long night I don't think
this place could exist without Instagram
right like people come here just to be
like look what I did I went to a crazy
thing isn't that crazy guys and then
Here I am let's just jump into it it
starting to look more like meat and less
like actual poo
let's try it up mmm that's actually good
tasty it's just like a neat curry
meatball are we doing a real food review
here am I really reacting to the food
and I think that's uh yeah they've just
kind of created some swirly mashed
potatoes I like that and when you need
to wash it all down we've got a nice
diarrhea cocoa right here mmm
mmm all right that's actually good
served in a year and all you serve the
solid ingredients in a toilet bowl and
you serve the liquids in a urinal this
is like the most intimidating right here
I mean look how look how poopy that
looks you wouldn't want to step on that
if you found that in your yard I've been
neglecting this guy I'm sorry we've got
a nice blue porcelain toilet here it's a
pretty small toilet hmm well Kareem no
rice it's pretty good it's pretty good
wash it down with some toilet water we
saw on the way in here they also have
that dessert and that looks like a
classic it also looks like my potential
clickbait thumbnail so I'm gonna order
that dessert right now the thing I'm
worried about now is I actually have to
go to the bathroom really quick these
are toilets but this is definitely not
the bathroom okay cuz you can't even
flush that I don't VIP lunch do you
think that's the actual bathroom
see that's not she just brought dishes
in there that's not the bathroom and
then when you look here what is this
this toilet to sink okay let's just go
we're gonna go I'm gonna save it I'm
gonna hold it I'm gonna hold it in hold
it in let's go eat they've been very
kind to us and it's you know this place
that's really all about the experience
for example here I'm experiencing ice
cream in the shape of poop that's been
placed in a urinal well first of all
that's just rude conduct you don't poop
in a urinal Oh
anyways let's try it out
[Music]
that is definitely some chocolate ice
cream I feel like they could have pushed
it a step further and gone for the poo
flavor that's some nice sweet soft-serve
chocolatey ice cream
mm-hmm the perfect way to end a day
through touring all these amazingly
weird restaurants next time you're in
Taiwan if you're looking for an amazing
Instagram of a moment check out one of
these neat restaurants from this video
all right check please before you go I
just want to thank both of these
restaurants for being so kind and
inviting also this video was made
possible by one trip Vietnam one trip is
a top-rated to her company putting on
amazing tours all throughout the country
of Vietnam currently in Saigon hoi an
and Danang whether its food tours the
Mekong Delta tour or village tours one
trip is the best way to experience the
real Vietnam that's it for this video I
will see you next week
a peace
[Music]
and my
[Music]